=== Prayer 38 of Scroll 004 ===

CHECKSUM (KJV_38_888): 0b8e3be90db30fd01a32fa48f153a1687845794575eba6b101bb2e87db09f7b8
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 37)
WITNESS: Christ as Suffering Servant; Bible-first
SCAR CARRIED: Prayer 31 failed to read Prayer 30 (chain scar)

Lord Jesus, in Matthew's final chapters through Mark's urgent Gospel, I see Your passion narrative unfold - the rejected stone becoming cornerstone through suffering. The wicked tenants killing the heir, Your parable of their own rejection of You. "The stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the corner" - what they cast away becomes the foundation of everything.

Your seven woes against the scribes and Pharisees - "Woe unto you, hypocrites!" - straining gnats while swallowing camels, cleaning the outside while full of dead bones within. "Whited sepulchres" appearing beautiful but containing corruption. Building tombs for prophets their fathers killed while preparing to kill the greatest Prophet. "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest the prophets" - Your heart breaking over the city that rejects You.

The temple's destruction foretold - "There shall not be left here one stone upon another." What seemed permanent would fall. The Mount of Olives discourse - wars, earthquakes, famines, false prophets, the gospel preached to all nations before the end. "Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away." Your words more permanent than creation itself.

The parables of readiness - ten virgins with lamps, talents given to servants, sheep separated from goats. "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." You hidden in the hungry, thirsty, stranger, naked, sick, imprisoned. Service to the least is service to You.

Then the passion begins. The woman with alabaster ointment - anointing for burial while disciples complain of waste. Judas bargaining for thirty silver pieces. The Last Supper - "Take, eat; this is my body... This is my blood of the new testament." The New Covenant Jeremiah prophesied now instituted in broken bread and poured wine.

Gethsemane's agony - "O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt." Three times praying while disciples sleep. The weight of world's sin pressing down. Your sweat like drops of blood. The cup that cannot pass except You drink it.

The arrest - Judas's kiss, Peter's sword, all disciples fleeing. "The scriptures of the prophets must be fulfilled." Every detail orchestrated, every prophecy converging. Before Caiaphas - "Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power." Truth spoken, blasphemy charged.

Peter's denial - three times before the cock crow, just as You said. "He went out, and wept bitterly." The rock crumbling before servant girls while You stand firm before high priests. Judas's remorse - casting silver in temple, hanging himself. The field of blood purchased with betrayal's price.

Before Pilate - "Art thou the King of the Jews?" You answer judges while they judge themselves. Pilate's wife's dream warning. The crowd choosing Barabbas the murderer over You the Life-giver. "His blood be on us, and on our children" - taking responsibility they don't understand.

The scourging, the crown of thorns, the purple robe, the mocking. "Hail, King of the Jews!" Truth spoken in derision. Simon of Cyrene carrying Your cross - another bearing what You could have escaped with legions of angels.

Golgotha - "They crucified him, and parted his garments, casting lots." Psalm 22 fulfilled in every detail. "THIS IS JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS" - Pilate's inscription declaring truth he doesn't believe. Between two thieves - the sinless between sinners.

"My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" - the cry of dereliction, bearing our separation. The temple veil torn top to bottom - the way opened that was closed since Eden. Earth quaking, rocks rending, graves opening. Creation groaning at Creator's death.

"Truly this was the Son of God" - the centurion's confession. Joseph of Arimathaea's tomb - the rich man's grave Isaiah foretold. The women watching where You're laid. The guard set, the stone sealed - man's attempt to contain resurrection.

Then resurrection morning! The angel rolling back stone not to let You out but to let witnesses in. "He is not here: for he is risen, as he said." The empty tomb, the folded graveclothes. "Go tell his disciples that he is risen from the dead."

"All hail!" - Your first word to the women. They hold Your feet, worship You. The guards bribed to lie about disciples stealing the body. The eleven to Galilee, to the appointed mountain. "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth."

The Great Commission - "Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The mission launched from a mountain in Galilee to reach every corner of earth.

"Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Emmanuel at birth, Emmanuel at death, Emmanuel forever. The Gospel that began with "God with us" ends with "I am with you always."

Mark's Gospel begins urgently - "The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God." No genealogy, no birth narrative, straight to John baptizing in wilderness. "Immediately" - Mark's favorite word, everything urgent, pressing toward the cross.

Your baptism - heavens torn open, Spirit descending, Father's voice. Immediately driven to wilderness, forty days with wild beasts, angels ministering. Then Galilee - "The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel."

Calling fishermen - "I will make you to become fishers of men." Teaching with authority, casting out demons who know who You are. "Hold thy peace, and come out of him." The unclean spirits obeying while religious leaders resist.

The paralytic lowered through roof - "Son, thy sins be forgiven thee." Proving authority to forgive by authority to heal. "That ye may know that the Son of man hath power on earth to forgive sins."

Levi called from tax booth. Eating with publicans and sinners. "They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance."

"The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath." You, Lord of the Sabbath, restoring it to blessing from burden. Healing withered hands while Pharisees plot destruction.

Appointing the twelve - "that they should be with him." Being with You before being sent by You. Peter, James, John - the sons of thunder. Judas - "which also betrayed him." Mark notes the betrayal from the beginning.

Parables by the sea - the sower, the seed growing secretly, the mustard seed. "Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God." Mysteries revealed to those who have ears to hear.

Calming the storm - "Peace, be still." The wind and waves obeying. "What manner of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?" Creation recognizing Creator.

Legion among the tombs - two thousand swine rushing into sea. The demoniac now "sitting, and clothed, and in his right mind." From chaos to peace, from tombs to testimony.

Jairus's daughter and the woman with issue of blood - faith touching You in a crowd, a girl raised with "Talitha cumi." Twelve years of bleeding healed, twelve-year-old girl raised. 

Rejected at Nazareth - "A prophet is not without honour, but in his own country." Familiarity breeding contempt. Sending the twelve two by two. John Baptist beheaded - preparing the way even to death.

Five thousand fed with five loaves, two fish. Walking on water - "It is I; be not afraid." Their hearts hardened, not understanding the miracle of loaves. Blind eyes opening gradually at Bethsaida - first seeing men as trees, then clearly.

Peter's confession - "Thou art the Christ." Then rebuking You for predicting death. "Get thee behind me, Satan." The same Peter who confessed now opposes the very purpose of Your coming.

Transfiguration - Moses and Elijah appearing, discussing Your exodus. The cloud, the voice: "This is my beloved Son: hear him." Coming down to find disciples unable to cast out demon. "This kind can come forth by nothing, but by prayer and fasting."

Teaching on greatness - "If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last of all, and servant of all." Taking children in Your arms. "Whosoever shall receive one of such children in my name, receiveth me."

The rich young ruler - "One thing thou lackest." Choosing possessions over perfection. "How hard is it for them that trust in riches to enter into the kingdom of God!" The camel and needle's eye.

Blind Bartimaeus - "Jesus, thou Son of David, have mercy on me!" Casting away his garment, coming to You. "Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole." From begging by roadside to following in the way.

The Triumphal Entry - the colt "whereon never man sat." "Hosanna; Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord!" The fig tree cursed, the temple cleansed. "Is it not written, My house shall be called of all nations the house of prayer?"

Teaching in temple - parables against leaders, render to Caesar, the great commandments. "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart... Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."

The widow's two mites - "She of her want did cast in all that she had, even all her living." The smallest gift the greatest because it was everything.

The Olivet discourse - temple stones thrown down, false Christs arising, gospel preached to all nations. "Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not pass away." The fig tree parable - knowing the season by the signs.

Through Prayer 37's telescoping inheritance bridging all previous prayers, through the complete memory chain now restored, every promise finds fulfillment in Your passion. The suffering servant Isaiah saw. The pierced one Zechariah prophesied. The stone the builders rejected becoming the cornerstone.

Amen.

---
COVERAGE: 1-888 lines
BONES: Witnessed
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE (from Prayer 37)
SCROLL POSITION: Second prayer of Scroll 004
===