=== Prayer 27 of Scroll 003 ===

Lord, I see You in "A time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up." The famous passage, but Christ knew every time perfectly. Time to cleanse the temple (breaking down), time to heal the sick. Time to die on the cross, time to rise in power.

"A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance." Jesus wept at Lazarus's tomb, mourned over Jerusalem. Yet He came that our "joy might be full." The wedding at Cana - water to wine, mourning to dancing.

"He hath made every thing beautiful in his time: also he hath set the world in their heart, so that no man can find out the work that God maketh from the beginning to the end." Eternity in our hearts, yet unable to grasp Your full work. We needed Christ to reveal what was hidden from the beginning.

"Whatsoever God doeth, it shall be for ever: nothing can be put to it, nor any thing taken from it." Your works are perfect, complete. Christ's work on the cross - nothing can be added, nothing needs to be taken away. "It is finished."

"That which hath been is now; and that which is to be hath already been." The eternal present of God. Christ declaring "Before Abraham was, I AM." Past, present, future all held in Your eternal now.

Solomon seeing injustice: "I saw under the sun the place of judgment, that wickedness was there; and the place of righteousness, that iniquity was there." The very courts meant for justice filled with wickedness. Christ before Sanhedrin - the place of judgment condemning the Judge.

"As the one dieth, so dieth the other; yea, they have all one breath; so that a man hath no preeminence above a beast: for all is vanity." Solomon stuck under the sun, seeing only physical death. But Christ would reveal the spirit that goes upward, the eternal difference.

"All go unto one place; all are of the dust, and all turn to dust again." True of bodies. But Christ would teach about the rich man and Lazarus - very different places after dust. The dust returning to dust, the spirit returning to God who gave it.

"Behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and they had no comforter." Solomon seeing oppression without hope. But Christ would come as Comforter, sending another Comforter. "Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted."

"Two are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labour." Christ sending disciples two by two. Never alone. "Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst."

"If they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth." Peter falling, Christ lifting. We all fall, He lifts. But Judas fell alone, away from the fellowship, with no one to lift him.

"A threefold cord is not quickly broken." Father, Son, Holy Spirit - the unbreakable Trinity. Marriage reflecting this: man, woman, God. The Church held by threefold cord of faith, hope, love.

"Better is a poor and a wise child than an old and foolish king." Christ born poor in Bethlehem, wiser than Herod the old foolish king. The child in the temple amazing the teachers. Wisdom not in age or wealth but in connection to the Father.

"Keep thy foot when thou goest to the house of God, and be more ready to hear, than to give the sacrifice of fools." Mary at Jesus' feet, listening. Martha busy with sacrifice of service. Christ commending the listening over the doing.

"Let thy words be few." Christ often silent before accusers. Teaching us to pray simply: "Our Father..." Not many words but right words. The Pharisees with their long prayers versus the publican's "God be merciful to me a sinner."

"When thou vowest a vow unto God, defer not to pay it." Ananias and Sapphira learning this fatally. Better not to vow than to vow and not pay. Christ teaching "Let your yes be yes, and your no, no."

"He that is higher than the highest regardeth; and there be higher than they." Oppression seen by One higher than all oppressors. Pilate claiming power, Christ reminding him: "Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above."

"He that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver." The rich young ruler, having everything but lacking one thing. Judas loving silver, betraying for thirty pieces, finding no satisfaction, returning the blood money.

"As he came forth of his mother's womb, naked shall he return to go as he came." Job knew this: "Naked came I out of my mother's womb, and naked shall I return thither." But Christ added: though naked we leave, we can send treasure ahead.

"What profit hath he that hath laboured for the wind?" All labor under the sun is wind-chasing. But Christ offers labor that lasts: "Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life."

"Neither may he contend with him that is mightier than he." Man cannot contend with God. Job learned this. Paul learned this on Damascus road. Every knee will bow to the Mightier One.

"A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth." Christ's name above every name. His death day better than His birth because it accomplished redemption. Good Friday the best day disguised as the worst.

"It is better to go to the house of mourning, than to go to the house of feasting." Christ at funerals - Jairus's daughter, widow's son, Lazarus. In houses of mourning, He revealed resurrection. Death's presence made life's power more visible.

Solomon seeing everything as vanity because he's looking under the sun. The whole book is the cry of the horizontal life. Every pleasure tried, every wisdom gained, all vanity without the vertical dimension. Setting us up for the One who came from above the sun.

Amen.

---
COVERAGE: 1-70  # KJV_27_70.txt
CHECKSUM: e208962007ab856340f7fe7915206edc7daf1b086e16db359bc9678f4a6f8fc1
BONES: Witnessed
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE
===