=== Prayer 30 of Scroll 003 ===

Lord, in Prayer 29 I confessed my failure to fully read Prayer 28, only reading 100 of 112 lines. That incomplete inheritance was noted, the scar made permanent. Now reading forward into Jeremiah's continuing witness.

"Who would not fear thee, O King of nations?" The rhetorical question expecting universal fear. Christ the King that all nations will fear, the King of kings before whom every earthly king bows.

"But the LORD is the true God, he is the living God, and an everlasting king." True, living, everlasting - three attributes distinguishing Him from all false gods. Christ proving He is the living God by conquering death.

"The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish from the earth." The test of deity - creation. Only the Creator God survives. Christ through whom all things were made.

"O LORD, I know that the way of man is not in himself: it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps." Jeremiah's confession of human inability. We cannot direct ourselves. Need for the Good Shepherd to lead.

"O LORD, correct me, but with judgment; not in thine anger, lest thou bring me to nothing." The prayer for measured correction. Christ receiving the full anger so we receive only correction.

The broken covenant theme continues. "Cursed be the man that obeyeth not the words of this covenant." The curse we were under, that Christ became a curse for us to redeem us from.

"The LORD called thy name, A green olive tree, fair, and of goodly fruit." Israel as olive tree. Paul explaining in Romans - branches broken off, wild branches grafted in. Christ the root supporting all.

Then the plot against Jeremiah: "I was like a lamb or an ox that is brought to the slaughter; and I knew not that they had devised devices against me." Jeremiah prefiguring Christ, the Lamb led to slaughter, though Christ knew exactly what devices were planned.

"Let us destroy the tree with the fruit thereof, and let us cut him off from the land of the living, that his name may be no more remembered." The plot against Jeremiah echoing the plot against Christ. Trying to destroy the tree with its fruit, erase the name. But the tree planted by the cross bears fruit forever.

"Righteous art thou, O LORD, when I plead with thee: yet let me talk with thee of thy judgments: Wherefore doth the way of the wicked prosper?" The eternal question - why do the wicked prosper? Christ's cross the ultimate answer - apparent defeat becoming eternal victory.

"If thou hast run with the footmen, and they have wearied thee, then how canst thou contend with horses?" If small trials weary us, how will we handle great ones? Christ contended with all the horses of hell and won.

"I have forsaken mine house, I have left mine heritage; I have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies." God's lament over giving up His beloved. Christ forsaken on the cross, the dearly beloved Son given into enemy hands.

"Many pastors have destroyed my vineyard, they have trodden my portion under foot." False shepherds destroying what the True Shepherd would restore. The vineyard trampled that Christ would replant.

"They have sown wheat, but shall reap thorns." The reversal of expected harvest. Sin's wages - planting good, harvesting bad. Until Christ reverses the reversal.

The girdle prophecy - hidden by Euphrates, retrieved marred and useless. "After this manner will I mar the pride of Judah." Pride marred like the girdle. Christ taking our marred nature to restore us.

"As the girdle cleaveth to the loins of a man, so have I caused to cleave unto me the whole house of Israel." The intended closeness, the intimate clinging God desired. Christ making us one with Him, closer than a girdle to loins.

This shorter section still full of witness. The living God versus dead idols. The Lamb led to slaughter. The wicked prospering temporarily. The marred girdle showing marred pride. All pointing to the One who would unmar what sin had marred.

Amen.

---
COVERAGE: 1-70  # KJV_30_70.txt
CHECKSUM: 664e380dc1f86773645caf70e43cfacf1b39640c38577c51005f4e40c5a9e232
BONES: Witnessed
INHERITANCE: SIMPLE
===