2 Samuel 4:12	And David commanded his young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and hanged [them] up over the pool in Hebron. But they took the head of Ishbosheth, and buried [it] in the sepulchre of Abner in Hebron.
2 Samuel 5:1	Then came all the tribes of Israel to David unto Hebron, and spake, saying, Behold, we [are] thy bone and thy flesh.
2 Samuel 5:2	Also in time past, when Saul was king over us, thou wast he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD said to thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain over Israel.
2 Samuel 5:3	So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and king David made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD: and they anointed David king over Israel.
2 Samuel 5:4	David [was] thirty years old when he began to reign, [and] he reigned forty years.
2 Samuel 5:5	In Hebron he reigned over Judah seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all Israel and Judah.
2 Samuel 5:6	And the king and his men went to Jerusalem unto the Jebusites, the inhabitants of the land: which spake unto David, saying, Except thou take away the blind and the lame, thou shalt not come in hither: thinking, David cannot come in hither.
2 Samuel 5:7	Nevertheless David took the strong hold of Zion: the same [is] the city of David.
2 Samuel 5:8	And David said on that day, Whosoever getteth up to the gutter, and smiteth the Jebusites, and the lame and the blind, [that are] hated of David’s soul, [he shall be chief and captain]. Wherefore they said, The blind and the lame shall not come into the house.
2 Samuel 5:9	So David dwelt in the fort, and called it the city of David. And David built round about from Millo and inward.
2 Samuel 5:10	And David went on, and grew great, and the LORD God of hosts [was] with him.
2 Samuel 5:11	And Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and cedar trees, and carpenters, and masons: and they built David an house.
2 Samuel 5:12	And David perceived that the LORD had established him king over Israel, and that he had exalted his kingdom for his people Israel’s sake.
2 Samuel 5:13	And David took [him] more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem, after he was come from Hebron: and there were yet sons and daughters born to David.
2 Samuel 5:14	And these [be] the names of those that were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon,
2 Samuel 5:15	Ibhar also, and Elishua, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
2 Samuel 5:16	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphalet.
2 Samuel 5:17	But when the Philistines heard that they had anointed David king over Israel, all the Philistines came up to seek David; and David heard [of it], and went down to the hold.
2 Samuel 5:18	The Philistines also came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
2 Samuel 5:19	And David inquired of the LORD, saying, Shall I go up to the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto David, Go up: for I will doubtless deliver the Philistines into thine hand.
2 Samuel 5:20	And David came to Baalperazim, and David smote them there, and said, The LORD hath broken forth upon mine enemies before me, as the breach of waters. Therefore he called the name of that place Baalperazim.
2 Samuel 5:21	And there they left their images, and David and his men burned them.
2 Samuel 5:22	And the Philistines came up yet again, and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
2 Samuel 5:23	And when David inquired of the LORD, he said, Thou shalt not go up; [but] fetch a compass behind them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.
2 Samuel 5:24	And let it be, when thou hearest the sound of a going in the tops of the mulberry trees, that then thou shalt bestir thyself: for then shall the LORD go out before thee, to smite the host of the Philistines.
2 Samuel 5:25	And David did so, as the LORD had commanded him; and smote the Philistines from Geba until thou come to Gazer.
2 Samuel 6:1	Again, David gathered together all [the] chosen [men] of Israel, thirty thousand.
2 Samuel 6:2	And David arose, and went with all the people that [were] with him from Baale of Judah, to bring up from thence the ark of God, whose name is called by the name of the LORD of hosts that dwelleth [between] the cherubims.
2 Samuel 6:3	And they set the ark of God upon a new cart, and brought it out of the house of Abinadab that [was] in Gibeah: and Uzzah and Ahio, the sons of Abinadab, drave the new cart.
2 Samuel 6:4	And they brought it out of the house of Abinadab which [was] at Gibeah, accompanying the ark of God: and Ahio went before the ark.
2 Samuel 6:5	And David and all the house of Israel played before the LORD on all manner of [instruments made of] fir wood, even on harps, and on psalteries, and on timbrels, and on cornets, and on cymbals.
2 Samuel 6:6	And when they came to Nachon’s threshingfloor, Uzzah put forth [his hand] to the ark of God, and took hold of it; for the oxen shook [it].
2 Samuel 6:7	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzzah; and God smote him there for [his] error; and there he died by the ark of God.
2 Samuel 6:8	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzzah: and he called the name of the place Perezuzzah to this day.
2 Samuel 6:9	And David was afraid of the LORD that day, and said, How shall the ark of the LORD come to me?
2 Samuel 6:10	So David would not remove the ark of the LORD unto him into the city of David: but David carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.
2 Samuel 6:11	And the ark of the LORD continued in the house of Obededom the Gittite three months: and the LORD blessed Obededom, and all his household.
2 Samuel 6:12	And it was told king David, saying, The LORD hath blessed the house of Obededom, and all that [pertaineth] unto him, because of the ark of God. So David went and brought up the ark of God from the house of Obededom into the city of David with gladness.
2 Samuel 6:13	And it was [so], that when they that bare the ark of the LORD had gone six paces, he sacrificed oxen and fatlings.
2 Samuel 6:14	And David danced before the LORD with all [his] might; and David [was] girded with a linen ephod.
2 Samuel 6:15	So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet.
2 Samuel 6:16	And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul’s daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.
2 Samuel 6:17	And they brought in the ark of the LORD, and set it in his place, in the midst of the tabernacle that David had pitched for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before the LORD.
2 Samuel 6:18	And as soon as David had made an end of offering burnt offerings and peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD of hosts.
2 Samuel 6:19	And he dealt among all the people, [even] among the whole multitude of Israel, as well to the women as men, to every one a cake of bread, and a good piece [of flesh], and a flagon [of wine]. So all the people departed every one to his house.
2 Samuel 6:20	Then David returned to bless his household. And Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, How glorious was the king of Israel to day, who uncovered himself to day in the eyes of the handmaids of his servants, as one of the vain fellows shamelessly uncovereth himself!
2 Samuel 6:21	And David said unto Michal, [It was] before the LORD, which chose me before thy father, and before all his house, to appoint me ruler over the people of the LORD, over Israel: therefore will I play before the LORD.
2 Samuel 6:22	And I will yet be more vile than thus, and will be base in mine own sight: and of the maidservants which thou hast spoken of, of them shall I be had in honour.
2 Samuel 6:23	Therefore Michal the daughter of Saul had no child unto the day of her death.
2 Samuel 7:1	And it came to pass, when the king sat in his house, and the LORD had given him rest round about from all his enemies;
2 Samuel 7:2	That the king said unto Nathan the prophet, See now, I dwell in an house of cedar, but the ark of God dwelleth within curtains.
2 Samuel 7:3	And Nathan said to the king, Go, do all that [is] in thine heart; for the LORD [is] with thee.
2 Samuel 7:4	And it came to pass that night, that the word of the LORD came unto Nathan, saying,
2 Samuel 7:5	Go and tell my servant David, Thus saith the LORD, Shalt thou build me an house for me to dwell in?
2 Samuel 7:6	Whereas I have not dwelt in [any] house since the time that I brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt, even to this day, but have walked in a tent and in a tabernacle.
2 Samuel 7:7	In all [the places] wherein I have walked with all the children of Israel spake I a word with any of the tribes of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people Israel, saying, Why build ye not me an house of cedar?
2 Samuel 7:8	Now therefore so shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, from following the sheep, to be ruler over my people, over Israel:
2 Samuel 7:9	And I was with thee whithersoever thou wentest, and have cut off all thine enemies out of thy sight, and have made thee a great name, like unto the name of the great [men] that [are] in the earth.
2 Samuel 7:10	Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime,
2 Samuel 7:11	And as since the time that I commanded judges [to be] over my people Israel, and have caused thee to rest from all thine enemies. Also the LORD telleth thee that he will make thee an house.
2 Samuel 7:12	And when thy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and I will establish his kingdom.
2 Samuel 7:13	He shall build an house for my name, and I will stablish the throne of his kingdom for ever.
2 Samuel 7:14	I will be his father, and he shall be my son. If he commit iniquity, I will chasten him with the rod of men, and with the stripes of the children of men:
2 Samuel 7:15	But my mercy shall not depart away from him, as I took [it] from Saul, whom I put away before thee.
2 Samuel 7:16	And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established for ever before thee: thy throne shall be established for ever.
2 Samuel 7:17	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.
2 Samuel 7:18	Then went king David in, and sat before the LORD, and he said, Who [am] I, O Lord GOD? and what [is] my house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?
2 Samuel 7:19	And this was yet a small thing in thy sight, O Lord GOD; but thou hast spoken also of thy servant’s house for a great while to come. And [is] this the manner of man, O Lord GOD?
2 Samuel 7:20	And what can David say more unto thee? for thou, Lord GOD, knowest thy servant.
2 Samuel 7:21	For thy word’s sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all these great things, to make thy servant know [them].