2 Kings 18:24	How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master’s servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen?
2 Kings 18:25	Am I now come up without the LORD against this place to destroy it? The LORD said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.
2 Kings 18:26	Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna, and Joah, unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, to thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand [it]: and talk not with us in the Jews’ language in the ears of the people that [are] on the wall.
2 Kings 18:27	But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words? [hath he] not [sent me] to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
2 Kings 18:28	Then Rabshakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews’ language, and spake, saying, Hear the word of the great king, the king of Assyria:
2 Kings 18:29	Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand:
2 Kings 18:30	Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 18:31	Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make [an agreement] with me by a present, and come out to me, and [then] eat ye every man of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his cistern:
2 Kings 18:32	Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land of oil olive and of honey, that ye may live, and not die: and hearken not unto Hezekiah, when he persuadeth you, saying, The LORD will deliver us.
2 Kings 18:33	Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered at all his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?
2 Kings 18:34	Where [are] the gods of Hamath, and of Arpad? where [are] the gods of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? have they delivered Samaria out of mine hand?
2 Kings 18:35	Who [are] they among all the gods of the countries, that have delivered their country out of mine hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of mine hand?
2 Kings 18:36	But the people held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king’s commandment was, saying, Answer him not.
2 Kings 18:37	Then came Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which [was] over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the recorder, to Hezekiah with [their] clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.
2 Kings 19:1	And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard [it], that he rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 19:2	And he sent Eliakim, which [was] over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the elders of the priests, covered with sackcloth, to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz.
2 Kings 19:3	And they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day [is] a day of trouble, and of rebuke, and blasphemy: for the children are come to the birth, and [there is] not strength to bring forth.
2 Kings 19:4	It may be the LORD thy God will hear all the words of Rabshakeh, whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living God; and will reprove the words which the LORD thy God hath heard: wherefore lift up [thy] prayer for the remnant that are left.
2 Kings 19:5	So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah.
2 Kings 19:6	And Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say to your master, Thus saith the LORD, Be not afraid of the words which thou hast heard, with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blasphemed me.
2 Kings 19:7	Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a rumour, and shall return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land.
2 Kings 19:8	So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.
2 Kings 19:9	And when he heard say of Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, Behold, he is come out to fight against thee: he sent messengers again unto Hezekiah, saying,
2 Kings 19:10	Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah king of Judah, saying, Let not thy God in whom thou trustest deceive thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
2 Kings 19:11	Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands, by destroying them utterly: and shalt thou be delivered?
2 Kings 19:12	Have the gods of the nations delivered them which my fathers have destroyed; [as] Gozan, and Haran, and Rezeph, and the children of Eden which [were] in Thelasar?
2 Kings 19:13	Where [is] the king of Hamath, and the king of Arpad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, of Hena, and Ivah?
2 Kings 19:14	And Hezekiah received the letter of the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah went up into the house of the LORD, and spread it before the LORD.
2 Kings 19:15	And Hezekiah prayed before the LORD, and said, O LORD God of Israel, which dwellest [between] the cherubims, thou art the God, [even] thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth; thou hast made heaven and earth.
2 Kings 19:16	LORD, bow down thine ear, and hear: open, LORD, thine eyes, and see: and hear the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent him to reproach the living God.
2 Kings 19:17	Of a truth, LORD, the kings of Assyria have destroyed the nations and their lands,
2 Kings 19:18	And have cast their gods into the fire: for they [were] no gods, but the work of men’s hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them.
2 Kings 19:19	Now therefore, O LORD our God, I beseech thee, save thou us out of his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that thou [art] the LORD God, [even] thou only.
2 Kings 19:20	Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent to Hezekiah, saying, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, [That] which thou hast prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard.
2 Kings 19:21	This [is] the word that the LORD hath spoken concerning him; The virgin the daughter of Zion hath despised thee, [and] laughed thee to scorn; the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee.
2 Kings 19:22	Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted [thy] voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? [even] against the Holy [One] of Israel.
2 Kings 19:23	By thy messengers thou hast reproached the Lord, and hast said, With the multitude of my chariots I am come up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon, and will cut down the tall cedar trees thereof, [and] the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter into the lodgings of his borders, [and into] the forest of his Carmel.
2 Kings 19:24	I have digged and drunk strange waters, and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of besieged places.
2 Kings 19:25	Hast thou not heard long ago [how] I have done it, [and] of ancient times that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to lay waste fenced cities [into] ruinous heaps.
2 Kings 19:26	Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed and confounded; they were [as] the grass of the field, and [as] the green herb, [as] the grass on the housetops, and [as corn] blasted before it be grown up.
2 Kings 19:27	But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy rage against me.
2 Kings 19:28	Because thy rage against me and thy tumult is come up into mine ears, therefore I will put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.
2 Kings 19:29	And this [shall be] a sign unto thee, Ye shall eat this year such things as grow of themselves, and in the second year that which springeth of the same; and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant vineyards, and eat the fruits thereof.
2 Kings 19:30	And the remnant that is escaped of the house of Judah shall yet again take root downward, and bear fruit upward.
2 Kings 19:31	For out of Jerusalem shall go forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of the LORD [of hosts] shall do this.
2 Kings 19:32	Therefore thus saith the LORD concerning the king of Assyria, He shall not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with shield, nor cast a bank against it.
2 Kings 19:33	By the way that he came, by the same shall he return, and shall not come into this city, saith the LORD.
2 Kings 19:34	For I will defend this city, to save it, for mine own sake, and for my servant David’s sake.
2 Kings 19:35	And it came to pass that night, that the angel of the LORD went out, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians an hundred fourscore and five thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they [were] all dead corpses.
2 Kings 19:36	So Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at Nineveh.
2 Kings 19:37	And it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword: and they escaped into the land of Armenia. And Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 20:1	In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith the LORD, Set thine house in order; for thou shalt die, and not live.
2 Kings 20:2	Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed unto the LORD, saying,
2 Kings 20:3	I beseech thee, O LORD, remember now how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done [that which is] good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.
2 Kings 20:4	And it came to pass, afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle court, that the word of the LORD came to him, saying,
2 Kings 20:5	Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, Thus saith the LORD, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third day thou shalt go up unto the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 20:6	And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David’s sake.
2 Kings 20:7	And Isaiah said, Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid [it] on the boil, and he recovered.
2 Kings 20:8	And Hezekiah said unto Isaiah, What [shall be] the sign that the LORD will heal me, and that I shall go up into the house of the LORD the third day?
2 Kings 20:9	And Isaiah said, This sign shalt thou have of the LORD, that the LORD will do the thing that he hath spoken: shall the shadow go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?
2 Kings 20:10	And Hezekiah answered, It is a light thing for the shadow to go down ten degrees: nay, but let the shadow return backward ten degrees.
2 Kings 20:11	And Isaiah the prophet cried unto the LORD: and he brought the shadow ten degrees backward, by which it had gone down in the dial of Ahaz.
2 Kings 20:12	At that time Berodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a present unto Hezekiah: for he had heard that Hezekiah had been sick.
2 Kings 20:13	And Hezekiah hearkened unto them, and shewed them all the house of his precious things, the silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and [all] the house of his armour, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah shewed them not.
2 Kings 20:14	Then came Isaiah the prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far country, [even] from Babylon.
2 Kings 20:15	And he said, What have they seen in thine house? And Hezekiah answered, All [the things] that [are] in mine house have they seen: there is nothing among my treasures that I have not shewed them.
2 Kings 20:16	And Isaiah said unto Hezekiah, Hear the word of the LORD.
2 Kings 20:17	Behold, the days come, that all that [is] in thine house, and that which thy fathers have laid up in store unto this day, shall be carried into Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith the LORD.
2 Kings 20:18	And of thy sons that shall issue from thee, which thou shalt beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the palace of the king of Babylon.
2 Kings 20:19	Then said Hezekiah unto Isaiah, Good [is] the word of the LORD which thou hast spoken. And he said, [Is it] not [good], if peace and truth be in my days?
2 Kings 20:20	And the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and all his might, and how he made a pool, and a conduit, and brought water into the city, [are] they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 20:21	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers: and Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 21:1	Manasseh [was] twelve years old when he began to reign, and reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name [was] Hephzibah.
2 Kings 21:2	And he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, after the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD cast out before the children of Israel.
2 Kings 21:3	For he built up again the high places which Hezekiah his father had destroyed; and he reared up altars for Baal, and made a grove, as did Ahab king of Israel; and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.
2 Kings 21:4	And he built altars in the house of the LORD, of which the LORD said, In Jerusalem will I put my name.
2 Kings 21:5	And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 21:6	And he made his son pass through the fire, and observed times, and used enchantments, and dealt with familiar spirits and wizards: he wrought much wickedness in the sight of the LORD, to provoke [him] to anger.
2 Kings 21:7	And he set a graven image of the grove that he had made in the house, of which the LORD said to David, and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen out of all tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:
2 Kings 21:8	Neither will I make the feet of Israel move any more out of the land which I gave their fathers; only if they will observe to do according to all that I have commanded them, and according to all the law that my servant Moses commanded them.
2 Kings 21:9	But they hearkened not: and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than did the nations whom the LORD destroyed before the children of Israel.
2 Kings 21:10	And the LORD spake by his servants the prophets, saying,
2 Kings 21:11	Because Manasseh king of Judah hath done these abominations, [and] hath done wickedly above all that the Amorites did, which [were] before him, and hath made Judah also to sin with his idols:
2 Kings 21:12	Therefore thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Behold, I [am] bringing [such] evil upon Jerusalem and Judah, that whosoever heareth of it, both his ears shall tingle.
2 Kings 21:13	And I will stretch over Jerusalem the line of Samaria, and the plummet of the house of Ahab: and I will wipe Jerusalem as [a man] wipeth a dish, wiping [it], and turning [it] upside down.
2 Kings 21:14	And I will forsake the remnant of mine inheritance, and deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become a prey and a spoil to all their enemies;
2 Kings 21:15	Because they have done [that which was] evil in my sight, and have provoked me to anger, since the day their fathers came forth out of Egypt, even unto this day.
2 Kings 21:16	Moreover Manasseh shed innocent blood very much, till he had filled Jerusalem from one end to another; beside his sin wherewith he made Judah to sin, in doing [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD.
2 Kings 21:17	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sin that he sinned, [are] they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 21:18	And Manasseh slept with his fathers, and was buried in the garden of his own house, in the garden of Uzza: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 21:19	Amon [was] twenty and two years old when he began to reign, and he reigned two years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name [was] Meshullemeth, the daughter of Haruz of Jotbah.
2 Kings 21:20	And he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, as his father Manasseh did.
2 Kings 21:21	And he walked in all the way that his father walked in, and served the idols that his father served, and worshipped them:
2 Kings 21:22	And he forsook the LORD God of his fathers, and walked not in the way of the LORD.
2 Kings 21:23	And the servants of Amon conspired against him, and slew the king in his own house.
2 Kings 21:24	And the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.
2 Kings 21:25	Now the rest of the acts of Amon which he did, [are] they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 21:26	And he was buried in his sepulchre in the garden of Uzza: and Josiah his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 22:1	Josiah [was] eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name [was] Jedidah, the daughter of Adaiah of Boscath.
2 Kings 22:2	And he did [that which was] right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in all the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the left.
2 Kings 22:3	And it came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, [that] the king sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, the son of Meshullam, the scribe, to the house of the LORD, saying,
2 Kings 22:4	Go up to Hilkiah the high priest, that he may sum the silver which is brought into the house of the LORD, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the people:
2 Kings 22:5	And let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD: and let them give it to the doers of the work which [is] in the house of the LORD, to repair the breaches of the house,
2 Kings 22:6	Unto carpenters, and builders, and masons, and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house.
2 Kings 22:7	Howbeit there was no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand, because they dealt faithfully.
2 Kings 22:8	And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah gave the book to Shaphan, and he read it.
2 Kings 22:9	And Shaphan the scribe came to the king, and brought the king word again, and said, Thy servants have gathered the money that was found in the house, and have delivered it into the hand of them that do the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 22:10	And Shaphan the scribe shewed the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath delivered me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.
2 Kings 22:11	And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he rent his clothes.
2 Kings 22:12	And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Achbor the son of Michaiah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asahiah a servant of the king’s, saying,
2 Kings 22:13	Go ye, inquire of the LORD for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words of this book that is found: for great [is] the wrath of the LORD that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not hearkened unto the words of this book, to do according unto all that which is written concerning us.
2 Kings 22:14	So Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam, and Achbor, and Shaphan, and Asahiah, went unto Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college;) and they communed with her.
2 Kings 22:15	And she said unto them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell the man that sent you to me,
2 Kings 22:16	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, [even] all the words of the book which the king of Judah hath read:
2 Kings 22:17	Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place, and shall not be quenched.
2 Kings 22:18	But to the king of Judah which sent you to inquire of the LORD, thus shall ye say to him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, [As touching] the words which thou hast heard;
2 Kings 22:19	Because thine heart was tender, and thou hast humbled thyself before the LORD, when thou heardest what I spake against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, that they should become a desolation and a curse, and hast rent thy clothes, and wept before me; I also have heard [thee], saith the LORD.
2 Kings 22:20	Behold therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into thy grave in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought the king word again.
2 Kings 23:1	And the king sent, and they gathered unto him all the elders of Judah and of Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:2	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem with him, and the priests, and the prophets, and all the people, both small and great: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant which was found in the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 23:3	And the king stood by a pillar, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments and his testimonies and his statutes with all [their] heart and all [their] soul, to perform the words of this covenant that were written in this book. And all the people stood to the covenant.
2 Kings 23:4	And the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the priests of the second order, and the keepers of the door, to bring forth out of the temple of the LORD all the vessels that were made for Baal, and for the grove, and for all the host of heaven: and he burned them without Jerusalem in the fields of Kidron, and carried the ashes of them unto Bethel.
2 Kings 23:5	And he put down the idolatrous priests, whom the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense in the high places in the cities of Judah, and in the places round about Jerusalem; them also that burned incense unto Baal, to the sun, and to the moon, and to the planets, and to all the host of heaven.
2 Kings 23:6	And he brought out the grove from the house of the LORD, without Jerusalem, unto the brook Kidron, and burned it at the brook Kidron, and stamped [it] small to powder, and cast the powder thereof upon the graves of the children of the people.
2 Kings 23:7	And he brake down the houses of the sodomites, that [were] by the house of the LORD, where the women wove hangings for the grove.
2 Kings 23:8	And he brought all the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places where the priests had burned incense, from Geba to Beersheba, and brake down the high places of the gates that [were] in the entering in of the gate of Joshua the governor of the city, which [were] on a man’s left hand at the gate of the city.
2 Kings 23:9	Nevertheless the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the LORD in Jerusalem, but they did eat of the unleavened bread among their brethren.
2 Kings 23:10	And he defiled Topheth, which [is] in the valley of the children of Hinnom, that no man might make his son or his daughter to pass through the fire to Molech.
2 Kings 23:11	And he took away the horses that the kings of Judah had given to the sun, at the entering in of the house of the LORD, by the chamber of Nathanmelech the chamberlain, which [was] in the suburbs, and burned the chariots of the sun with fire.
2 Kings 23:12	And the altars that [were] on the top of the upper chamber of Ahaz, which the kings of Judah had made, and the altars which Manasseh had made in the two courts of the house of the LORD, did the king beat down, and brake [them] down from thence, and cast the dust of them into the brook Kidron.
2 Kings 23:13	And the high places that [were] before Jerusalem, which [were] on the right hand of the mount of corruption, which Solomon the king of Israel had builded for Ashtoreth the abomination of the Zidonians, and for Chemosh the abomination of the Moabites, and for Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon, did the king defile.
2 Kings 23:14	And he brake in pieces the images, and cut down the groves, and filled their places with the bones of men.
2 Kings 23:15	Moreover the altar that [was] at Bethel, [and] the high place which Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin, had made, both that altar and the high place he brake down, and burned the high place, [and] stamped [it] small to powder, and burned the grove.
2 Kings 23:16	And as Josiah turned himself, he spied the sepulchres that [were] there in the mount, and sent, and took the bones out of the sepulchres, and burned [them] upon the altar, and polluted it, according to the word of the LORD which the man of God proclaimed, who proclaimed these words.
2 Kings 23:17	Then he said, What title [is] that that I see? And the men of the city told him, [It is] the sepulchre of the man of God, which came from Judah, and proclaimed these things that thou hast done against the altar of Bethel.
2 Kings 23:18	And he said, Let him alone; let no man move his bones. So they let his bones alone, with the bones of the prophet that came out of Samaria.
2 Kings 23:19	And all the houses also of the high places that [were] in the cities of Samaria, which the kings of Israel had made to provoke [the LORD] to anger, Josiah took away, and did to them according to all the acts that he had done in Bethel.
2 Kings 23:20	And he slew all the priests of the high places that [were] there upon the altars, and burned men’s bones upon them, and returned to Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:21	And the king commanded all the people, saying, Keep the passover unto the LORD your God, as [it is] written in the book of this covenant.
2 Kings 23:22	Surely there was not holden such a passover from the days of the judges that judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, nor of the kings of Judah;
2 Kings 23:23	But in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, [wherein] this passover was holden to the LORD in Jerusalem.
2 Kings 23:24	Moreover the [workers with] familiar spirits, and the wizards, and the images, and the idols, and all the abominations that were spied in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, did Josiah put away, that he might perform the words of the law which were written in the book that Hilkiah the priest found in the house of the LORD.
2 Kings 23:25	And like unto him was there no king before him, that turned to the LORD with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his might, according to all the law of Moses; neither after him arose there [any] like him.
2 Kings 23:26	Notwithstanding the LORD turned not from the fierceness of his great wrath, wherewith his anger was kindled against Judah, because of all the provocations that Manasseh had provoked him withal.
2 Kings 23:27	And the LORD said, I will remove Judah also out of my sight, as I have removed Israel, and will cast off this city Jerusalem which I have chosen, and the house of which I said, My name shall be there.
2 Kings 23:28	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, [are] they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 23:29	In his days Pharaohnechoh king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates: and king Josiah went against him; and he slew him at Megiddo, when he had seen him.
2 Kings 23:30	And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddo, and brought him to Jerusalem, and buried him in his own sepulchre. And the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and anointed him, and made him king in his father’s stead.
2 Kings 23:31	Jehoahaz [was] twenty and three years old when he began to reign; and he reigned three months in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name [was] Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
2 Kings 23:32	And he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.
2 Kings 23:33	And Pharaohnechoh put him in bands at Riblah in the land of Hamath, that he might not reign in Jerusalem; and put the land to a tribute of an hundred talents of silver, and a talent of gold.
2 Kings 23:34	And Pharaohnechoh made Eliakim the son of Josiah king in the room of Josiah his father, and turned his name to Jehoiakim, and took Jehoahaz away: and he came to Egypt, and died there.
2 Kings 23:35	And Jehoiakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharaoh; but he taxed the land to give the money according to the commandment of Pharaoh: he exacted the silver and the gold of the people of the land, of every one according to his taxation, to give [it] unto Pharaohnechoh.
2 Kings 23:36	Jehoiakim [was] twenty and five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name [was] Zebudah, the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah.
2 Kings 23:37	And he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his fathers had done.
2 Kings 24:1	In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim became his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him.
2 Kings 24:2	And the LORD sent against him bands of the Chaldees, and bands of the Syrians, and bands of the Moabites, and bands of the children of Ammon, and sent them against Judah to destroy it, according to the word of the LORD, which he spake by his servants the prophets.
2 Kings 24:3	Surely at the commandment of the LORD came [this] upon Judah, to remove [them] out of his sight, for the sins of Manasseh, according to all that he did;
2 Kings 24:4	And also for the innocent blood that he shed: for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood; which the LORD would not pardon.
2 Kings 24:5	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and all that he did, [are] they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
2 Kings 24:6	So Jehoiakim slept with his fathers: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
2 Kings 24:7	And the king of Egypt came not again any more out of his land: for the king of Babylon had taken from the river of Egypt unto the river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of Egypt.
2 Kings 24:8	Jehoiachin [was] eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months. And his mother’s name [was] Nehushta, the daughter of Elnathan of Jerusalem.
2 Kings 24:9	And he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that his father had done.
2 Kings 24:10	At that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against Jerusalem, and the city was besieged.
2 Kings 24:11	And Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against the city, and his servants did besiege it.
2 Kings 24:12	And Jehoiachin the king of Judah went out to the king of Babylon, he, and his mother, and his servants, and his princes, and his officers: and the king of Babylon took him in the eighth year of his reign.
2 Kings 24:13	And he carried out thence all the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king’s house, and cut in pieces all the vessels of gold which Solomon king of Israel had made in the temple of the LORD, as the LORD had said.
2 Kings 24:14	And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men of valour, [even] ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land.
2 Kings 24:15	And he carried away Jehoiachin to Babylon, and the king’s mother, and the king’s wives, and his officers, and the mighty of the land, [those] carried he into captivity from Jerusalem to Babylon.
2 Kings 24:16	And all the men of might, [even] seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, all [that were] strong [and] apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought captive to Babylon.
2 Kings 24:17	And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father’s brother king in his stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah.
2 Kings 24:18	Zedekiah [was] twenty and one years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother’s name [was] Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
2 Kings 24:19	And he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.
2 Kings 24:20	For through the anger of the LORD it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, until he had cast them out from his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.
2 Kings 25:1	And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth [day] of the month, [that] Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he, and all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built forts against it round about.
2 Kings 25:2	And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.
2 Kings 25:3	And on the ninth [day] of the [fourth] month the famine prevailed in the city, and there was no bread for the people of the land.
2 Kings 25:4	And the city was broken up, and all the men of war [fled] by night by the way of the gate between two walls, which [is] by the king’s garden: (now the Chaldees [were] against the city round about:) and [the king] went the way toward the plain.
2 Kings 25:5	And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and overtook him in the plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from him.
2 Kings 25:6	So they took the king, and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah; and they gave judgment upon him.
2 Kings 25:7	And they slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the eyes of Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:8	And in the fifth month, on the seventh [day] of the month, which [is] the nineteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem:
2 Kings 25:9	And he burnt the house of the LORD, and the king’s house, and all the houses of Jerusalem, and every great [man’s] house burnt he with fire.
2 Kings 25:10	And all the army of the Chaldees, that [were with] the captain of the guard, brake down the walls of Jerusalem round about.
2 Kings 25:11	Now the rest of the people [that were] left in the city, and the fugitives that fell away to the king of Babylon, with the remnant of the multitude, did Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carry away.
2 Kings 25:12	But the captain of the guard left of the poor of the land [to be] vinedressers and husbandmen.
2 Kings 25:13	And the pillars of brass that [were] in the house of the LORD, and the bases, and the brasen sea that [was] in the house of the LORD, did the Chaldees break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon.
2 Kings 25:14	And the pots, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away.
2 Kings 25:15	And the firepans, and the bowls, [and] such things as [were] of gold, [in] gold, and of silver, [in] silver, the captain of the guard took away.
2 Kings 25:16	The two pillars, one sea, and the bases which Solomon had made for the house of the LORD; the brass of all these vessels was without weight.
2 Kings 25:17	The height of the one pillar [was] eighteen cubits, and the chapiter upon it [was] brass: and the height of the chapiter three cubits; and the wreathen work, and pomegranates upon the chapiter round about, all of brass: and like unto these had the second pillar with wreathen work.
2 Kings 25:18	And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:
2 Kings 25:19	And out of the city he took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that were in the king’s presence, which were found in the city, and the principal scribe of the host, which mustered the people of the land, and threescore men of the people of the land [that were] found in the city:
2 Kings 25:20	And Nebuzaradan captain of the guard took these, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah:
2 Kings 25:21	And the king of Babylon smote them, and slew them at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was carried away out of their land.
2 Kings 25:22	And [as for] the people that remained in the land of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, ruler.
2 Kings 25:23	And when all the captains of the armies, they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor, there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Careah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth the Netophathite, and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.
2 Kings 25:24	And Gedaliah sware to them, and to their men, and said unto them, Fear not to be the servants of the Chaldees: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon; and it shall be well with you.
2 Kings 25:25	But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at Mizpah.
2 Kings 25:26	And all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies, arose, and came to Egypt: for they were afraid of the Chaldees.
2 Kings 25:27	And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, on the seven and twentieth [day] of the month, [that] Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the year that he began to reign did lift up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah out of prison;
2 Kings 25:28	And he spake kindly to him, and set his throne above the throne of the kings that [were] with him in Babylon;
2 Kings 25:29	And changed his prison garments: and he did eat bread continually before him all the days of his life.
2 Kings 25:30	And his allowance [was] a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day, all the days of his life.
1 Chronicles 1:1	Adam, Sheth, Enosh,
1 Chronicles 1:2	Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,
1 Chronicles 1:3	Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,
1 Chronicles 1:4	Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
1 Chronicles 1:5	The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
1 Chronicles 1:6	And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
1 Chronicles 1:7	And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
1 Chronicles 1:8	The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
1 Chronicles 1:9	And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
1 Chronicles 1:10	And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.
1 Chronicles 1:11	And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
1 Chronicles 1:12	And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.
1 Chronicles 1:13	And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,
1 Chronicles 1:14	The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,
1 Chronicles 1:15	And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
1 Chronicles 1:16	And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.
1 Chronicles 1:17	The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.
1 Chronicles 1:18	And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.
1 Chronicles 1:19	And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one [was] Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother’s name [was] Joktan.
1 Chronicles 1:20	And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
1 Chronicles 1:21	Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,
1 Chronicles 1:22	And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
1 Chronicles 1:23	And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these [were] the sons of Joktan.
1 Chronicles 1:24	Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,
1 Chronicles 1:25	Eber, Peleg, Reu,
1 Chronicles 1:26	Serug, Nahor, Terah,
1 Chronicles 1:27	Abram; the same [is] Abraham.
1 Chronicles 1:28	The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.
1 Chronicles 1:29	These [are] their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
1 Chronicles 1:30	Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,
1 Chronicles 1:31	Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.
1 Chronicles 1:32	Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham’s concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.
1 Chronicles 1:33	And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these [are] the sons of Keturah.
1 Chronicles 1:34	And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.
1 Chronicles 1:35	The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
1 Chronicles 1:36	The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna, and Amalek.
1 Chronicles 1:37	The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.
1 Chronicles 1:38	And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan.
1 Chronicles 1:39	And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna [was] Lotan’s sister.
1 Chronicles 1:40	The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. And the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.
1 Chronicles 1:41	The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
1 Chronicles 1:42	The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, [and] Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran.
1 Chronicles 1:43	Now these [are] the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before [any] king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city [was] Dinhabah.
1 Chronicles 1:44	And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 1:45	And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 1:46	And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city [was] Avith.
1 Chronicles 1:47	And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 1:48	And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 1:49	And when Shaul was dead, Baalhanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 1:50	And when Baalhanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city [was] Pai; and his wife’s name [was] Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
1 Chronicles 1:51	Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth,
1 Chronicles 1:52	Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
1 Chronicles 1:53	Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
1 Chronicles 1:54	Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These [are] the dukes of Edom.
1 Chronicles 2:1	These [are] the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,
1 Chronicles 2:2	Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
1 Chronicles 2:3	The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: [which] three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the LORD; and he slew him.
1 Chronicles 2:4	And Tamar his daughter in law bare him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah [were] five.
1 Chronicles 2:5	The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.
1 Chronicles 2:6	And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all.
1 Chronicles 2:7	And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed.
1 Chronicles 2:8	And the sons of Ethan; Azariah.
1 Chronicles 2:9	The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai.
1 Chronicles 2:10	And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;
1 Chronicles 2:11	And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,
1 Chronicles 2:12	And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,
1 Chronicles 2:13	And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third,
1 Chronicles 2:14	Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,
1 Chronicles 2:15	Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:
1 Chronicles 2:16	Whose sisters [were] Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three.
1 Chronicles 2:17	And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa [was] Jether the Ishmeelite.
1 Chronicles 2:18	And Caleb the son of Hezron begat [children] of Azubah [his] wife, and of Jerioth: her sons [are] these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon.
1 Chronicles 2:19	And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur.
1 Chronicles 2:20	And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.
1 Chronicles 2:21	And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he [was] threescore years old; and she bare him Segub.
1 Chronicles 2:22	And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 2:23	And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, [even] threescore cities. All these [belonged to] the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 2:24	And after that Hezron was dead in Calebephratah, then Abiah Hezron’s wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.
1 Chronicles 2:25	And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, [and] Ahijah.
1 Chronicles 2:26	Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name [was] Atarah; she [was] the mother of Onam.
1 Chronicles 2:27	And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.
1 Chronicles 2:28	And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab, and Abishur.
1 Chronicles 2:29	And the name of the wife of Abishur [was] Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid.
1 Chronicles 2:30	And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.
1 Chronicles 2:31	And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.
1 Chronicles 2:32	And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.
1 Chronicles 2:33	And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel.
1 Chronicles 2:34	Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name [was] Jarha.
1 Chronicles 2:35	And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai.
1 Chronicles 2:36	And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,
1 Chronicles 2:37	And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,
1 Chronicles 2:38	And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,
1 Chronicles 2:39	And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,
1 Chronicles 2:40	And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,
1 Chronicles 2:41	And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama.
1 Chronicles 2:42	Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel [were], Mesha his firstborn, which [was] the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron.
1 Chronicles 2:43	And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.
1 Chronicles 2:44	And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.
1 Chronicles 2:45	And the son of Shammai [was] Maon: and Maon [was] the father of Bethzur.
1 Chronicles 2:46	And Ephah, Caleb’s concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez.
1 Chronicles 2:47	And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Geshan, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.
1 Chronicles 2:48	Maachah, Caleb’s concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.
1 Chronicles 2:49	She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb [was] Achsah.
1 Chronicles 2:50	These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim,
1 Chronicles 2:51	Salma the father of Bethlehem, Hareph the father of Bethgader.
1 Chronicles 2:52	And Shobal the father of Kirjathjearim had sons; Haroeh, [and] half of the Manahethites.
1 Chronicles 2:53	And the families of Kirjathjearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites.
1 Chronicles 2:54	The sons of Salma; Bethlehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.
1 Chronicles 2:55	And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, [and] Suchathites. These [are] the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab.
1 Chronicles 3:1	Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:
1 Chronicles 3:2	The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:
1 Chronicles 3:3	The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.
1 Chronicles 3:4	[These] six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
1 Chronicles 3:5	And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bathshua the daughter of Ammiel:
1 Chronicles 3:6	Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet,
1 Chronicles 3:7	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 3:8	And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.
1 Chronicles 3:9	[These were] all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister.
1 Chronicles 3:10	And Solomon’s son [was] Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son,
1 Chronicles 3:11	Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son,
1 Chronicles 3:12	Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,
1 Chronicles 3:13	Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,
1 Chronicles 3:14	Amon his son, Josiah his son.
1 Chronicles 3:15	And the sons of Josiah [were], the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.
1 Chronicles 3:16	And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.
1 Chronicles 3:17	And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,
1 Chronicles 3:18	Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.
1 Chronicles 3:19	And the sons of Pedaiah [were], Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:
1 Chronicles 3:20	And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five.
1 Chronicles 3:21	And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.
1 Chronicles 3:22	And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.
1 Chronicles 3:23	And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.
1 Chronicles 3:24	And the sons of Elioenai [were], Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven.
1 Chronicles 4:1	The sons of Judah; Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal.
1 Chronicles 4:2	And Reaiah the son of Shobal begat Jahath; and Jahath begat Ahumai, and Lahad. These [are] the families of the Zorathites.
1 Chronicles 4:3	And these [were of] the father of Etam; Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash: and the name of their sister [was] Hazelelponi:
1 Chronicles 4:4	And Penuel the father of Gedor, and Ezer the father of Hushah. These [are] the sons of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah, the father of Bethlehem.
1 Chronicles 4:5	And Ashur the father of Tekoa had two wives, Helah and Naarah.
1 Chronicles 4:6	And Naarah bare him Ahuzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari. These [were] the sons of Naarah.
1 Chronicles 4:7	And the sons of Helah [were], Zereth, and Jezoar, and Ethnan.
1 Chronicles 4:8	And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel the son of Harum.
1 Chronicles 4:9	And Jabez was more honourable than his brethren: and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, Because I bare him with sorrow.
1 Chronicles 4:10	And Jabez called on the God of Israel, saying, Oh that thou wouldest bless me indeed, and enlarge my coast, and that thine hand might be with me, and that thou wouldest keep [me] from evil, that it may not grieve me! And God granted him that which he requested.
1 Chronicles 4:11	And Chelub the brother of Shuah begat Mehir, which [was] the father of Eshton.
1 Chronicles 4:12	And Eshton begat Bethrapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah the father of Irnahash. These [are] the men of Rechah.
1 Chronicles 4:13	And the sons of Kenaz; Othniel, and Seraiah: and the sons of Othniel; Hathath.
1 Chronicles 4:14	And Meonothai begat Ophrah: and Seraiah begat Joab, the father of the valley of Charashim; for they were craftsmen.
1 Chronicles 4:15	And the sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh; Iru, Elah, and Naam: and the sons of Elah, even Kenaz.
1 Chronicles 4:16	And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.
1 Chronicles 4:17	And the sons of Ezra [were], Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she bare Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah the father of Eshtemoa.
1 Chronicles 4:18	And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered the father of Gedor, and Heber the father of Socho, and Jekuthiel the father of Zanoah. And these [are] the sons of Bithiah the daughter of Pharaoh, which Mered took.
1 Chronicles 4:19	And the sons of [his] wife Hodiah the sister of Naham, the father of Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite.
1 Chronicles 4:20	And the sons of Shimon [were], Amnon, and Rinnah, Benhanan, and Tilon. And the sons of Ishi [were], Zoheth, and Benzoheth.
1 Chronicles 4:21	The sons of Shelah the son of Judah [were], Er the father of Lecah, and Laadah the father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of them that wrought fine linen, of the house of Ashbea,
1 Chronicles 4:22	And Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who had the dominion in Moab, and Jashubilehem. And [these are] ancient things.
1 Chronicles 4:23	These [were] the potters, and those that dwelt among plants and hedges: there they dwelt with the king for his work.
1 Chronicles 4:24	The sons of Simeon [were], Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, [and] Shaul:
1 Chronicles 4:25	Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son.
1 Chronicles 4:26	And the sons of Mishma; Hamuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son.
1 Chronicles 4:27	And Shimei had sixteen sons and six daughters; but his brethren had not many children, neither did all their family multiply, like to the children of Judah.
1 Chronicles 4:28	And they dwelt at Beersheba, and Moladah, and Hazarshual,
1 Chronicles 4:29	And at Bilhah, and at Ezem, and at Tolad,
1 Chronicles 4:30	And at Bethuel, and at Hormah, and at Ziklag,
1 Chronicles 4:31	And at Bethmarcaboth, and Hazarsusim, and at Bethbirei, and at Shaaraim. These [were] their cities unto the reign of David.
1 Chronicles 4:32	And their villages [were], Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities:
1 Chronicles 4:33	And all their villages that [were] round about the same cities, unto Baal. These [were] their habitations, and their genealogy.
1 Chronicles 4:34	And Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah the son of Amaziah,
1 Chronicles 4:35	And Joel, and Jehu the son of Josibiah, the son of Seraiah, the son of Asiel,
1 Chronicles 4:36	And Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah,
1 Chronicles 4:37	And Ziza the son of Shiphi, the son of Allon, the son of Jedaiah, the son of Shimri, the son of Shemaiah;
1 Chronicles 4:38	These mentioned by [their] names [were] princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.
1 Chronicles 4:39	And they went to the entrance of Gedor, [even] unto the east side of the valley, to seek pasture for their flocks.
1 Chronicles 4:40	And they found fat pasture and good, and the land [was] wide, and quiet, and peaceable; for [they] of Ham had dwelt there of old.
1 Chronicles 4:41	And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because [there was] pasture there for their flocks.
1 Chronicles 4:42	And [some] of them, [even] of the sons of Simeon, five hundred men, went to mount Seir, having for their captains Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, the sons of Ishi.
1 Chronicles 4:43	And they smote the rest of the Amalekites that were escaped, and dwelt there unto this day.
1 Chronicles 5:1	Now the sons of Reuben the firstborn of Israel, (for he [was] the firstborn; but, forasmuch as he defiled his father’s bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph the son of Israel: and the genealogy is not to be reckoned after the birthright.
1 Chronicles 5:2	For Judah prevailed above his brethren, and of him [came] the chief ruler; but the birthright [was] Joseph’s:)
1 Chronicles 5:3	The sons, [I say], of Reuben the firstborn of Israel [were], Hanoch, and Pallu, Hezron, and Carmi.
1 Chronicles 5:4	The sons of Joel; Shemaiah his son, Gog his son, Shimei his son,
1 Chronicles 5:5	Micah his son, Reaia his son, Baal his son,
1 Chronicles 5:6	Beerah his son, whom Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria carried away [captive]: he [was] prince of the Reubenites.
1 Chronicles 5:7	And his brethren by their families, when the genealogy of their generations was reckoned, [were] the chief, Jeiel, and Zechariah,
1 Chronicles 5:8	And Bela the son of Azaz, the son of Shema, the son of Joel, who dwelt in Aroer, even unto Nebo and Baalmeon:
1 Chronicles 5:9	And eastward he inhabited unto the entering in of the wilderness from the river Euphrates: because their cattle were multiplied in the land of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:10	And in the days of Saul they made war with the Hagarites, who fell by their hand: and they dwelt in their tents throughout all the east [land] of Gilead.
1 Chronicles 5:11	And the children of Gad dwelt over against them, in the land of Bashan unto Salchah:
1 Chronicles 5:12	Joel the chief, and Shapham the next, and Jaanai, and Shaphat in Bashan.
1 Chronicles 5:13	And their brethren of the house of their fathers [were], Michael, and Meshullam, and Sheba, and Jorai, and Jachan, and Zia, and Heber, seven.
1 Chronicles 5:14	These [are] the children of Abihail the son of Huri, the son of Jaroah, the son of Gilead, the son of Michael, the son of Jeshishai, the son of Jahdo, the son of Buz;
1 Chronicles 5:15	Ahi the son of Abdiel, the son of Guni, chief of the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 5:16	And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all the suburbs of Sharon, upon their borders.
1 Chronicles 5:17	All these were reckoned by genealogies in the days of Jotham king of Judah, and in the days of Jeroboam king of Israel.
1 Chronicles 5:18	The sons of Reuben, and the Gadites, and half the tribe of Manasseh, of valiant men, men able to bear buckler and sword, and to shoot with bow, and skilful in war, [were] four and forty thousand seven hundred and threescore, that went out to the war.
1 Chronicles 5:19	And they made war with the Hagarites, with Jetur, and Nephish, and Nodab.
1 Chronicles 5:20	And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that [were] with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him.
1 Chronicles 5:21	And they took away their cattle; of their camels fifty thousand, and of sheep two hundred and fifty thousand, and of asses two thousand, and of men an hundred thousand.
1 Chronicles 5:22	For there fell down many slain, because the war [was] of God. And they dwelt in their steads until the captivity.
1 Chronicles 5:23	And the children of the half tribe of Manasseh dwelt in the land: they increased from Bashan unto Baalhermon and Senir, and unto mount Hermon.
1 Chronicles 5:24	And these [were] the heads of the house of their fathers, even Epher, and Ishi, and Eliel, and Azriel, and Jeremiah, and Hodaviah, and Jahdiel, mighty men of valour, famous men, [and] heads of the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 5:25	And they transgressed against the God of their fathers, and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed before them.
1 Chronicles 5:26	And the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Pul king of Assyria, and the spirit of Tilgathpilneser king of Assyria, and he carried them away, even the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of Manasseh, and brought them unto Halah, and Habor, and Hara, and to the river Gozan, unto this day.
1 Chronicles 6:1	The sons of Levi; Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 6:2	And the sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.
1 Chronicles 6:3	And the children of Amram; Aaron, and Moses, and Miriam. The sons also of Aaron; Nadab, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.
1 Chronicles 6:4	Eleazar begat Phinehas, Phinehas begat Abishua,
1 Chronicles 6:5	And Abishua begat Bukki, and Bukki begat Uzzi,
1 Chronicles 6:6	And Uzzi begat Zerahiah, and Zerahiah begat Meraioth,
1 Chronicles 6:7	Meraioth begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
1 Chronicles 6:8	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Ahimaaz,
1 Chronicles 6:9	And Ahimaaz begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Johanan,
1 Chronicles 6:10	And Johanan begat Azariah, (he [it is] that executed the priest’s office in the temple that Solomon built in Jerusalem:)
1 Chronicles 6:11	And Azariah begat Amariah, and Amariah begat Ahitub,
1 Chronicles 6:12	And Ahitub begat Zadok, and Zadok begat Shallum,
1 Chronicles 6:13	And Shallum begat Hilkiah, and Hilkiah begat Azariah,
1 Chronicles 6:14	And Azariah begat Seraiah, and Seraiah begat Jehozadak,
1 Chronicles 6:15	And Jehozadak went [into captivity], when the LORD carried away Judah and Jerusalem by the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.
1 Chronicles 6:16	The sons of Levi; Gershom, Kohath, and Merari.
1 Chronicles 6:17	And these [be] the names of the sons of Gershom; Libni, and Shimei.
1 Chronicles 6:18	And the sons of Kohath [were], Amram, and Izhar, and Hebron, and Uzziel.
1 Chronicles 6:19	The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. And these [are] the families of the Levites according to their fathers.
1 Chronicles 6:20	Of Gershom; Libni his son, Jahath his son, Zimmah his son,
1 Chronicles 6:21	Joah his son, Iddo his son, Zerah his son, Jeaterai his son.
1 Chronicles 6:22	The sons of Kohath; Amminadab his son, Korah his son, Assir his son,
1 Chronicles 6:23	Elkanah his son, and Ebiasaph his son, and Assir his son,
1 Chronicles 6:24	Tahath his son, Uriel his son, Uzziah his son, and Shaul his son.
1 Chronicles 6:25	And the sons of Elkanah; Amasai, and Ahimoth.
1 Chronicles 6:26	[As for] Elkanah: the sons of Elkanah; Zophai his son, and Nahath his son,
1 Chronicles 6:27	Eliab his son, Jeroham his son, Elkanah his son.
1 Chronicles 6:28	And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.
1 Chronicles 6:29	The sons of Merari; Mahli, Libni his son, Shimei his son, Uzza his son,
1 Chronicles 6:30	Shimea his son, Haggiah his son, Asaiah his son.
1 Chronicles 6:31	And these [are they] whom David set over the service of song in the house of the LORD, after that the ark had rest.
1 Chronicles 6:32	And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing, until Solomon had built the house of the LORD in Jerusalem: and [then] they waited on their office according to their order.
1 Chronicles 6:33	And these [are] they that waited with their children. Of the sons of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of Shemuel,
1 Chronicles 6:34	The son of Elkanah, the son of Jeroham, the son of Eliel, the son of Toah,
1 Chronicles 6:35	The son of Zuph, the son of Elkanah, the son of Mahath, the son of Amasai,
1 Chronicles 6:36	The son of Elkanah, the son of Joel, the son of Azariah, the son of Zephaniah,
1 Chronicles 6:37	The son of Tahath, the son of Assir, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah,
1 Chronicles 6:38	The son of Izhar, the son of Kohath, the son of Levi, the son of Israel.
1 Chronicles 6:39	And his brother Asaph, who stood on his right hand, [even] Asaph the son of Berachiah, the son of Shimea,
1 Chronicles 6:40	The son of Michael, the son of Baaseiah, the son of Malchiah,
1 Chronicles 6:41	The son of Ethni, the son of Zerah, the son of Adaiah,
1 Chronicles 6:42	The son of Ethan, the son of Zimmah, the son of Shimei,
1 Chronicles 6:43	The son of Jahath, the son of Gershom, the son of Levi.
1 Chronicles 6:44	And their brethren the sons of Merari [stood] on the left hand: Ethan the son of Kishi, the son of Abdi, the son of Malluch,
1 Chronicles 6:45	The son of Hashabiah, the son of Amaziah, the son of Hilkiah,
1 Chronicles 6:46	The son of Amzi, the son of Bani, the son of Shamer,
1 Chronicles 6:47	The son of Mahli, the son of Mushi, the son of Merari, the son of Levi.
1 Chronicles 6:48	Their brethren also the Levites [were] appointed unto all manner of service of the tabernacle of the house of God.
1 Chronicles 6:49	But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt offering, and on the altar of incense, [and were appointed] for all the work of the [place] most holy, and to make an atonement for Israel, according to all that Moses the servant of God had commanded.
1 Chronicles 6:50	And these [are] the sons of Aaron; Eleazar his son, Phinehas his son, Abishua his son,
1 Chronicles 6:51	Bukki his son, Uzzi his son, Zerahiah his son,
1 Chronicles 6:52	Meraioth his son, Amariah his son, Ahitub his son,
1 Chronicles 6:53	Zadok his son, Ahimaaz his son.
1 Chronicles 6:54	Now these [are] their dwelling places throughout their castles in their coasts, of the sons of Aaron, of the families of the Kohathites: for theirs was the lot.
1 Chronicles 6:55	And they gave them Hebron in the land of Judah, and the suburbs thereof round about it.
1 Chronicles 6:56	But the fields of the city, and the villages thereof, they gave to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
1 Chronicles 6:57	And to the sons of Aaron they gave the cities of Judah, [namely], Hebron, [the city] of refuge, and Libnah with her suburbs, and Jattir, and Eshtemoa, with their suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:58	And Hilen with her suburbs, Debir with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:59	And Ashan with her suburbs, and Bethshemesh with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:60	And out of the tribe of Benjamin; Geba with her suburbs, and Alemeth with her suburbs, and Anathoth with her suburbs. All their cities throughout their families [were] thirteen cities.
1 Chronicles 6:61	And unto the sons of Kohath, [which were] left of the family of that tribe, [were cities given] out of the half tribe, [namely, out of] the half [tribe] of Manasseh, by lot, ten cities.
1 Chronicles 6:62	And to the sons of Gershom throughout their families out of the tribe of Issachar, and out of the tribe of Asher, and out of the tribe of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen cities.
1 Chronicles 6:63	Unto the sons of Merari [were given] by lot, throughout their families, out of the tribe of Reuben, and out of the tribe of Gad, and out of the tribe of Zebulun, twelve cities.
1 Chronicles 6:64	And the children of Israel gave to the Levites [these] cities with their suburbs.
1 Chronicles 6:65	And they gave by lot out of the tribe of the children of Judah, and out of the tribe of the children of Simeon, and out of the tribe of the children of Benjamin, these cities, which are called by [their] names.
1 Chronicles 6:66	And [the residue] of the families of the sons of Kohath had cities of their coasts out of the tribe of Ephraim.
1 Chronicles 6:67	And they gave unto them, [of] the cities of refuge, Shechem in mount Ephraim with her suburbs; [they gave] also Gezer with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:68	And Jokmeam with her suburbs, and Bethhoron with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:69	And Aijalon with her suburbs, and Gathrimmon with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:70	And out of the half tribe of Manasseh; Aner with her suburbs, and Bileam with her suburbs, for the family of the remnant of the sons of Kohath.
1 Chronicles 6:71	Unto the sons of Gershom [were given] out of the family of the half tribe of Manasseh, Golan in Bashan with her suburbs, and Ashtaroth with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:72	And out of the tribe of Issachar; Kedesh with her suburbs, Daberath with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:73	And Ramoth with her suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:74	And out of the tribe of Asher; Mashal with her suburbs, and Abdon with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:75	And Hukok with her suburbs, and Rehob with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:76	And out of the tribe of Naphtali; Kedesh in Galilee with her suburbs, and Hammon with her suburbs, and Kirjathaim with her suburbs.
1 Chronicles 6:77	Unto the rest of the children of Merari [were given] out of the tribe of Zebulun, Rimmon with her suburbs, Tabor with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:78	And on the other side Jordan by Jericho, on the east side of Jordan, [were given them] out of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with her suburbs, and Jahzah with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:79	Kedemoth also with her suburbs, and Mephaath with her suburbs:
1 Chronicles 6:80	And out of the tribe of Gad; Ramoth in Gilead with her suburbs, and Mahanaim with her suburbs,
1 Chronicles 6:81	And Heshbon with her suburbs, and Jazer with her suburbs.
1 Chronicles 7:1	Now the sons of Issachar [were], Tola, and Puah, Jashub, and Shimron, four.
1 Chronicles 7:2	And the sons of Tola; Uzzi, and Rephaiah, and Jeriel, and Jahmai, and Jibsam, and Shemuel, heads of their father’s house, [to wit], of Tola: [they were] valiant men of might in their generations; whose number [was] in the days of David two and twenty thousand and six hundred.
1 Chronicles 7:3	And the sons of Uzzi; Izrahiah: and the sons of Izrahiah; Michael, and Obadiah, and Joel, Ishiah, five: all of them chief men.
1 Chronicles 7:4	And with them, by their generations, after the house of their fathers, [were] bands of soldiers for war, six and thirty thousand [men]: for they had many wives and sons.
1 Chronicles 7:5	And their brethren among all the families of Issachar [were] valiant men of might, reckoned in all by their genealogies fourscore and seven thousand.
1 Chronicles 7:6	[The sons] of Benjamin; Bela, and Becher, and Jediael, three.
1 Chronicles 7:7	And the sons of Bela; Ezbon, and Uzzi, and Uzziel, and Jerimoth, and Iri, five; heads of the house of [their] fathers, mighty men of valour; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand and thirty and four.
1 Chronicles 7:8	And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and Elioenai, and Omri, and Jerimoth, and Abiah, and Anathoth, and Alameth. All these [are] the sons of Becher.
1 Chronicles 7:9	And the number of them, after their genealogy by their generations, heads of the house of their fathers, mighty men of valour, [was] twenty thousand and two hundred.
1 Chronicles 7:10	The sons also of Jediael; Bilhan: and the sons of Bilhan; Jeush, and Benjamin, and Ehud, and Chenaanah, and Zethan, and Tharshish, and Ahishahar.
1 Chronicles 7:11	All these the sons of Jediael, by the heads of their fathers, mighty men of valour, [were] seventeen thousand and two hundred [soldiers], fit to go out for war [and] battle.
1 Chronicles 7:12	Shuppim also, and Huppim, the children of Ir, [and] Hushim, the sons of Aher.
1 Chronicles 7:13	The sons of Naphtali; Jahziel, and Guni, and Jezer, and Shallum, the sons of Bilhah.
1 Chronicles 7:14	The sons of Manasseh; Ashriel, whom she bare: ([but] his concubine the Aramitess bare Machir the father of Gilead:
1 Chronicles 7:15	And Machir took to wife [the sister] of Huppim and Shuppim, whose sister’s name [was] Maachah;) and the name of the second [was] Zelophehad: and Zelophehad had daughters.
1 Chronicles 7:16	And Maachah the wife of Machir bare a son, and she called his name Peresh; and the name of his brother [was] Sheresh; and his sons [were] Ulam and Rakem.
1 Chronicles 7:17	And the sons of Ulam; Bedan. These [were] the sons of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of Manasseh.
1 Chronicles 7:18	And his sister Hammoleketh bare Ishod, and Abiezer, and Mahalah.
1 Chronicles 7:19	And the sons of Shemida were, Ahian, and Shechem, and Likhi, and Aniam.
1 Chronicles 7:20	And the sons of Ephraim; Shuthelah, and Bered his son, and Tahath his son, and Eladah his son, and Tahath his son,
1 Chronicles 7:21	And Zabad his son, and Shuthelah his son, and Ezer, and Elead, whom the men of Gath [that were] born in [that] land slew, because they came down to take away their cattle.
1 Chronicles 7:22	And Ephraim their father mourned many days, and his brethren came to comfort him.
1 Chronicles 7:23	And when he went in to his wife, she conceived, and bare a son, and he called his name Beriah, because it went evil with his house.
1 Chronicles 7:24	(And his daughter [was] Sherah, who built Bethhoron the nether, and the upper, and Uzzensherah.)
1 Chronicles 7:25	And Rephah [was] his son, also Resheph, and Telah his son, and Tahan his son,
1 Chronicles 7:26	Laadan his son, Ammihud his son, Elishama his son,
1 Chronicles 7:27	Non his son, Jehoshua his son.
1 Chronicles 7:28	And their possessions and habitations [were], Bethel and the towns thereof, and eastward Naaran, and westward Gezer, with the towns thereof; Shechem also and the towns thereof, unto Gaza and the towns thereof:
1 Chronicles 7:29	And by the borders of the children of Manasseh, Bethshean and her towns, Taanach and her towns, Megiddo and her towns, Dor and her towns. In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel.
1 Chronicles 7:30	The sons of Asher; Imnah, and Isuah, and Ishuai, and Beriah, and Serah their sister.
1 Chronicles 7:31	And the sons of Beriah; Heber, and Malchiel, who [is] the father of Birzavith.
1 Chronicles 7:32	And Heber begat Japhlet, and Shomer, and Hotham, and Shua their sister.
1 Chronicles 7:33	And the sons of Japhlet; Pasach, and Bimhal, and Ashvath. These [are] the children of Japhlet.
1 Chronicles 7:34	And the sons of Shamer; Ahi, and Rohgah, Jehubbah, and Aram.
1 Chronicles 7:35	And the sons of his brother Helem; Zophah, and Imna, and Shelesh, and Amal.
1 Chronicles 7:36	The sons of Zophah; Suah, and Harnepher, and Shual, and Beri, and Imrah,
1 Chronicles 7:37	Bezer, and Hod, and Shamma, and Shilshah, and Ithran, and Beera.
1 Chronicles 7:38	And the sons of Jether; Jephunneh, and Pispah, and Ara.
1 Chronicles 7:39	And the sons of Ulla; Arah, and Haniel, and Rezia.
1 Chronicles 7:40	All these [were] the children of Asher, heads of [their] father’s house, choice [and] mighty men of valour, chief of the princes. And the number throughout the genealogy of them that were apt to the war [and] to battle [was] twenty and six thousand men.
1 Chronicles 8:1	Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,
1 Chronicles 8:2	Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth.
1 Chronicles 8:3	And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud,
1 Chronicles 8:4	And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,
1 Chronicles 8:5	And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.
1 Chronicles 8:6	And these [are] the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:
1 Chronicles 8:7	And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud.
1 Chronicles 8:8	And Shaharaim begat [children] in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara [were] his wives.
1 Chronicles 8:9	And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,
1 Chronicles 8:10	And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These [were] his sons, heads of the fathers.
1 Chronicles 8:11	And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal.
1 Chronicles 8:12	The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof:
1 Chronicles 8:13	Beriah also, and Shema, who [were] heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:
1 Chronicles 8:14	And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,
1 Chronicles 8:15	And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,
1 Chronicles 8:16	And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;
1 Chronicles 8:17	And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber,
1 Chronicles 8:18	Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;
1 Chronicles 8:19	And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,
1 Chronicles 8:20	And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel,
1 Chronicles 8:21	And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi;
1 Chronicles 8:22	And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,
1 Chronicles 8:23	And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,
1 Chronicles 8:24	And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,
1 Chronicles 8:25	And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;
1 Chronicles 8:26	And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,
1 Chronicles 8:27	And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham.
1 Chronicles 8:28	These [were] heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief [men]. These dwelt in Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 8:29	And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife’s name [was] Maachah:
1 Chronicles 8:30	And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,
1 Chronicles 8:31	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.
1 Chronicles 8:32	And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them.
1 Chronicles 8:33	And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 8:34	And the son of Jonathan [was] Meribbaal; and Meribbaal begat Micah.
1 Chronicles 8:35	And the sons of Micah [were], Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz.
1 Chronicles 8:36	And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,
1 Chronicles 8:37	And Moza begat Binea: Rapha [was] his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son:
1 Chronicles 8:38	And Azel had six sons, whose names [are] these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these [were] the sons of Azel.
1 Chronicles 8:39	And the sons of Eshek his brother [were], Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third.
1 Chronicles 8:40	And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valour, archers, and had many sons, and sons’ sons, an hundred and fifty. All these [are] of the sons of Benjamin.
1 Chronicles 9:1	So all Israel were reckoned by genealogies; and, behold, they [were] written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah, [who] were carried away to Babylon for their transgression.
1 Chronicles 9:2	Now the first inhabitants that [dwelt] in their possessions in their cities [were], the Israelites, the priests, Levites, and the Nethinims.
1 Chronicles 9:3	And in Jerusalem dwelt of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin, and of the children of Ephraim, and Manasseh;
1 Chronicles 9:4	Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the son of Bani, of the children of Pharez the son of Judah.
1 Chronicles 9:5	And of the Shilonites; Asaiah the firstborn, and his sons.
1 Chronicles 9:6	And of the sons of Zerah; Jeuel, and their brethren, six hundred and ninety.
1 Chronicles 9:7	And of the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Hodaviah, the son of Hasenuah,
1 Chronicles 9:8	And Ibneiah the son of Jeroham, and Elah the son of Uzzi, the son of Michri, and Meshullam the son of Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah;
1 Chronicles 9:9	And their brethren, according to their generations, nine hundred and fifty and six. All these men [were] chief of the fathers in the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 9:10	And of the priests; Jedaiah, and Jehoiarib, and Jachin,
1 Chronicles 9:11	And Azariah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, the ruler of the house of God;
1 Chronicles 9:12	And Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchijah, and Maasiai the son of Adiel, the son of Jahzerah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Meshillemith, the son of Immer;
1 Chronicles 9:13	And their brethren, heads of the house of their fathers, a thousand and seven hundred and threescore; very able men for the work of the service of the house of God.
1 Chronicles 9:14	And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, of the sons of Merari;
1 Chronicles 9:15	And Bakbakkar, Heresh, and Galal, and Mattaniah the son of Micah, the son of Zichri, the son of Asaph;
1 Chronicles 9:16	And Obadiah the son of Shemaiah, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun, and Berechiah the son of Asa, the son of Elkanah, that dwelt in the villages of the Netophathites.
1 Chronicles 9:17	And the porters [were], Shallum, and Akkub, and Talmon, and Ahiman, and their brethren: Shallum [was] the chief;
1 Chronicles 9:18	Who hitherto [waited] in the king’s gate eastward: they [were] porters in the companies of the children of Levi.
1 Chronicles 9:19	And Shallum the son of Kore, the son of Ebiasaph, the son of Korah, and his brethren, of the house of his father, the Korahites, [were] over the work of the service, keepers of the gates of the tabernacle: and their fathers, [being] over the host of the LORD, [were] keepers of the entry.
1 Chronicles 9:20	And Phinehas the son of Eleazar was the ruler over them in time past, [and] the LORD [was] with him.
1 Chronicles 9:21	[And] Zechariah the son of Meshelemiah [was] porter of the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
1 Chronicles 9:22	All these [which were] chosen to be porters in the gates [were] two hundred and twelve. These were reckoned by their genealogy in their villages, whom David and Samuel the seer did ordain in their set office.
1 Chronicles 9:23	So they and their children [had] the oversight of the gates of the house of the LORD, [namely], the house of the tabernacle, by wards.
1 Chronicles 9:24	In four quarters were the porters, toward the east, west, north, and south.
1 Chronicles 9:25	And their brethren, [which were] in their villages, [were] to come after seven days from time to time with them.
1 Chronicles 9:26	For these Levites, the four chief porters, were in [their] set office, and were over the chambers and treasuries of the house of God.
1 Chronicles 9:27	And they lodged round about the house of God, because the charge [was] upon them, and the opening thereof every morning [pertained] to them.
1 Chronicles 9:28	And [certain] of them had the charge of the ministering vessels, that they should bring them in and out by tale.
1 Chronicles 9:29	[Some] of them also [were] appointed to oversee the vessels, and all the instruments of the sanctuary, and the fine flour, and the wine, and the oil, and the frankincense, and the spices.
1 Chronicles 9:30	And [some] of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the spices.
1 Chronicles 9:31	And Mattithiah, [one] of the Levites, who [was] the firstborn of Shallum the Korahite, had the set office over the things that were made in the pans.
1 Chronicles 9:32	And [other] of their brethren, of the sons of the Kohathites, [were] over the shewbread, to prepare [it] every sabbath.
1 Chronicles 9:33	And these [are] the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, [who remaining] in the chambers [were] free: for they were employed in [that] work day and night.
1 Chronicles 9:34	These chief fathers of the Levites [were] chief throughout their generations; these dwelt at Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 9:35	And in Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon, Jehiel, whose wife’s name [was] Maachah:
1 Chronicles 9:36	And his firstborn son Abdon, then Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Ner, and Nadab,
1 Chronicles 9:37	And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zechariah, and Mikloth.
1 Chronicles 9:38	And Mikloth begat Shimeam. And they also dwelt with their brethren at Jerusalem, over against their brethren.
1 Chronicles 9:39	And Ner begat Kish; and Kish begat Saul; and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchishua, and Abinadab, and Eshbaal.
1 Chronicles 9:40	And the son of Jonathan [was] Meribbaal: and Meribbaal begat Micah.
1 Chronicles 9:41	And the sons of Micah [were], Pithon, and Melech, and Tahrea, [and Ahaz].
1 Chronicles 9:42	And Ahaz begat Jarah; and Jarah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza;
1 Chronicles 9:43	And Moza begat Binea; and Rephaiah his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son.
1 Chronicles 9:44	And Azel had six sons, whose names [are] these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan: these [were] the sons of Azel.
1 Chronicles 10:1	Now the Philistines fought against Israel; and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines, and fell down slain in mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 10:2	And the Philistines followed hard after Saul, and after his sons; and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
1 Chronicles 10:3	And the battle went sore against Saul, and the archers hit him, and he was wounded of the archers.
1 Chronicles 10:4	Then said Saul to his armourbearer, Draw thy sword, and thrust me through therewith; lest these uncircumcised come and abuse me. But his armourbearer would not; for he was sore afraid. So Saul took a sword, and fell upon it.
1 Chronicles 10:5	And when his armourbearer saw that Saul was dead, he fell likewise on the sword, and died.
1 Chronicles 10:6	So Saul died, and his three sons, and all his house died together.
1 Chronicles 10:7	And when all the men of Israel that [were] in the valley saw that they fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, then they forsook their cities, and fled: and the Philistines came and dwelt in them.
1 Chronicles 10:8	And it came to pass on the morrow, when the Philistines came to strip the slain, that they found Saul and his sons fallen in mount Gilboa.
1 Chronicles 10:9	And when they had stripped him, they took his head, and his armour, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, to carry tidings unto their idols, and to the people.
1 Chronicles 10:10	And they put his armour in the house of their gods, and fastened his head in the temple of Dagon.
1 Chronicles 10:11	And when all Jabeshgilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul,
1 Chronicles 10:12	They arose, all the valiant men, and took away the body of Saul, and the bodies of his sons, and brought them to Jabesh, and buried their bones under the oak in Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
1 Chronicles 10:13	So Saul died for his transgression which he committed against the LORD, [even] against the word of the LORD, which he kept not, and also for asking [counsel] of [one that had] a familiar spirit, to inquire [of it];
1 Chronicles 10:14	And inquired not of the LORD: therefore he slew him, and turned the kingdom unto David the son of Jesse.
1 Chronicles 11:1	Then all Israel gathered themselves to David unto Hebron, saying, Behold, we [are] thy bone and thy flesh.
1 Chronicles 11:2	And moreover in time past, even when Saul was king, thou [wast] he that leddest out and broughtest in Israel: and the LORD thy God said unto thee, Thou shalt feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be ruler over my people Israel.
1 Chronicles 11:3	Therefore came all the elders of Israel to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before the LORD; and they anointed David king over Israel, according to the word of the LORD by Samuel.
1 Chronicles 11:4	And David and all Israel went to Jerusalem, which [is] Jebus; where the Jebusites [were], the inhabitants of the land.
1 Chronicles 11:5	And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, Thou shalt not come hither. Nevertheless David took the castle of Zion, which [is] the city of David.
1 Chronicles 11:6	And David said, Whosoever smiteth the Jebusites first shall be chief and captain. So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief.
1 Chronicles 11:7	And David dwelt in the castle; therefore they called it the city of David.
1 Chronicles 11:8	And he built the city round about, even from Millo round about: and Joab repaired the rest of the city.
1 Chronicles 11:9	So David waxed greater and greater: for the LORD of hosts [was] with him.
1 Chronicles 11:10	These also [are] the chief of the mighty men whom David had, who strengthened themselves with him in his kingdom, [and] with all Israel, to make him king, according to the word of the LORD concerning Israel.
1 Chronicles 11:11	And this [is] the number of the mighty men whom David had; Jashobeam, an Hachmonite, the chief of the captains: he lifted up his spear against three hundred slain [by him] at one time.
1 Chronicles 11:12	And after him [was] Eleazar the son of Dodo, the Ahohite, who [was one] of the three mighties.
1 Chronicles 11:13	He was with David at Pasdammim, and there the Philistines were gathered together to battle, where was a parcel of ground full of barley; and the people fled from before the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 11:14	And they set themselves in the midst of [that] parcel, and delivered it, and slew the Philistines; and the LORD saved [them] by a great deliverance.
1 Chronicles 11:15	Now three of the thirty captains went down to the rock to David, into the cave of Adullam; and the host of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
1 Chronicles 11:16	And David [was] then in the hold, and the Philistines’ garrison [was] then at Bethlehem.
1 Chronicles 11:17	And David longed, and said, Oh that one would give me drink of the water of the well of Bethlehem, that [is] at the gate!
1 Chronicles 11:18	And the three brake through the host of the Philistines, and drew water out of the well of Bethlehem, that [was] by the gate, and took [it], and brought [it] to David: but David would not drink [of] it, but poured it out to the LORD,
1 Chronicles 11:19	And said, My God forbid it me, that I should do this thing: shall I drink the blood of these men that have put their lives in jeopardy? for with [the jeopardy of] their lives they brought it. Therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mightiest.
1 Chronicles 11:20	And Abishai the brother of Joab, he was chief of the three: for lifting up his spear against three hundred, he slew [them], and had a name among the three.
1 Chronicles 11:21	Of the three, he was more honourable than the two; for he was their captain: howbeit he attained not to the [first] three.
1 Chronicles 11:22	Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, the son of a valiant man of Kabzeel, who had done many acts; he slew two lionlike men of Moab: also he went down and slew a lion in a pit in a snowy day.
1 Chronicles 11:23	And he slew an Egyptian, a man of [great] stature, five cubits high; and in the Egyptian’s hand [was] a spear like a weaver’s beam; and he went down to him with a staff, and plucked the spear out of the Egyptian’s hand, and slew him with his own spear.
1 Chronicles 11:24	These [things] did Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and had the name among the three mighties.
1 Chronicles 11:25	Behold, he was honourable among the thirty, but attained not to the [first] three: and David set him over his guard.
1 Chronicles 11:26	Also the valiant men of the armies [were], Asahel the brother of Joab, Elhanan the son of Dodo of Bethlehem,
1 Chronicles 11:27	Shammoth the Harorite, Helez the Pelonite,
1 Chronicles 11:28	Ira the son of Ikkesh the Tekoite, Abiezer the Antothite,
1 Chronicles 11:29	Sibbecai the Hushathite, Ilai the Ahohite,
1 Chronicles 11:30	Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the Netophathite,
1 Chronicles 11:31	Ithai the son of Ribai of Gibeah, [that pertained] to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite,
1 Chronicles 11:32	Hurai of the brooks of Gaash, Abiel the Arbathite,
1 Chronicles 11:33	Azmaveth the Baharumite, Eliahba the Shaalbonite,
1 Chronicles 11:34	The sons of Hashem the Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite,
1 Chronicles 11:35	Ahiam the son of Sacar the Hararite, Eliphal the son of Ur,
1 Chronicles 11:36	Hepher the Mecherathite, Ahijah the Pelonite,
1 Chronicles 11:37	Hezro the Carmelite, Naarai the son of Ezbai,
1 Chronicles 11:38	Joel the brother of Nathan, Mibhar the son of Haggeri,
1 Chronicles 11:39	Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Berothite, the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah,
1 Chronicles 11:40	Ira the Ithrite, Gareb the Ithrite,
1 Chronicles 11:41	Uriah the Hittite, Zabad the son of Ahlai,
1 Chronicles 11:42	Adina the son of Shiza the Reubenite, a captain of the Reubenites, and thirty with him,
1 Chronicles 11:43	Hanan the son of Maachah, and Joshaphat the Mithnite,
1 Chronicles 11:44	Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of Hothan the Aroerite,
1 Chronicles 11:45	Jediael the son of Shimri, and Joha his brother, the Tizite,
1 Chronicles 11:46	Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and Joshaviah, the sons of Elnaam, and Ithmah the Moabite,
1 Chronicles 11:47	Eliel, and Obed, and Jasiel the Mesobaite.
1 Chronicles 12:1	Now these [are] they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they [were] among the mighty men, helpers of the war.
1 Chronicles 12:2	[They were] armed with bows, and could use both the right hand and the left in [hurling] stones and [shooting] arrows out of a bow, [even] of Saul’s brethren of Benjamin.
1 Chronicles 12:3	The chief [was] Ahiezer, then Joash, the sons of Shemaah the Gibeathite; and Jeziel, and Pelet, the sons of Azmaveth; and Berachah, and Jehu the Antothite,
1 Chronicles 12:4	And Ismaiah the Gibeonite, a mighty man among the thirty, and over the thirty; and Jeremiah, and Jahaziel, and Johanan, and Josabad the Gederathite,
1 Chronicles 12:5	Eluzai, and Jerimoth, and Bealiah, and Shemariah, and Shephatiah the Haruphite,
1 Chronicles 12:6	Elkanah, and Jesiah, and Azareel, and Joezer, and Jashobeam, the Korhites,
1 Chronicles 12:7	And Joelah, and Zebadiah, the sons of Jeroham of Gedor.
1 Chronicles 12:8	And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, [and] men of war [fit] for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces [were like] the faces of lions, and [were] as swift as the roes upon the mountains;
1 Chronicles 12:9	Ezer the first, Obadiah the second, Eliab the third,
1 Chronicles 12:10	Mishmannah the fourth, Jeremiah the fifth,
1 Chronicles 12:11	Attai the sixth, Eliel the seventh,
1 Chronicles 12:12	Johanan the eighth, Elzabad the ninth,
1 Chronicles 12:13	Jeremiah the tenth, Machbanai the eleventh.
1 Chronicles 12:14	These [were] of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the least [was] over an hundred, and the greatest over a thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:15	These [are] they that went over Jordan in the first month, when it had overflown all his banks; and they put to flight all [them] of the valleys, [both] toward the east, and toward the west.
1 Chronicles 12:16	And there came of the children of Benjamin and Judah to the hold unto David.
1 Chronicles 12:17	And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if [ye be come] to betray me to mine enemies, seeing [there is] no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look [thereon], and rebuke [it].
1 Chronicles 12:18	Then the spirit came upon Amasai, [who was] chief of the captains, [and he said], Thine [are we], David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace [be] unto thee, and peace [be] to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band.
1 Chronicles 12:19	And there fell [some] of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to [the jeopardy of] our heads.
1 Chronicles 12:20	As he went to Ziklag, there fell to him of Manasseh, Adnah, and Jozabad, and Jediael, and Michael, and Jozabad, and Elihu, and Zilthai, captains of the thousands that [were] of Manasseh.
1 Chronicles 12:21	And they helped David against the band [of the rovers]: for they [were] all mighty men of valour, and were captains in the host.
1 Chronicles 12:22	For at [that] time day by day there came to David to help him, until [it was] a great host, like the host of God.
1 Chronicles 12:23	And these [are] the numbers of the bands [that were] ready armed to the war, [and] came to David to Hebron, to turn the kingdom of Saul to him, according to the word of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 12:24	The children of Judah that bare shield and spear [were] six thousand and eight hundred, ready armed to the war.
1 Chronicles 12:25	Of the children of Simeon, mighty men of valour for the war, seven thousand and one hundred.
1 Chronicles 12:26	Of the children of Levi four thousand and six hundred.
1 Chronicles 12:27	And Jehoiada [was] the leader of the Aaronites, and with him [were] three thousand and seven hundred;
1 Chronicles 12:28	And Zadok, a young man mighty of valour, and of his father’s house twenty and two captains.
1 Chronicles 12:29	And of the children of Benjamin, the kindred of Saul, three thousand: for hitherto the greatest part of them had kept the ward of the house of Saul.
1 Chronicles 12:30	And of the children of Ephraim twenty thousand and eight hundred, mighty men of valour, famous throughout the house of their fathers.
1 Chronicles 12:31	And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were expressed by name, to come and make David king.
1 Chronicles 12:32	And of the children of Issachar, [which were men] that had understanding of the times, to know what Israel ought to do; the heads of them [were] two hundred; and all their brethren [were] at their commandment.
1 Chronicles 12:33	Of Zebulun, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, with all instruments of war, fifty thousand, which could keep rank: [they were] not of double heart.
1 Chronicles 12:34	And of Naphtali a thousand captains, and with them with shield and spear thirty and seven thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:35	And of the Danites expert in war twenty and eight thousand and six hundred.
1 Chronicles 12:36	And of Asher, such as went forth to battle, expert in war, forty thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:37	And on the other side of Jordan, of the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and of the half tribe of Manasseh, with all manner of instruments of war for the battle, an hundred and twenty thousand.
1 Chronicles 12:38	All these men of war, that could keep rank, came with a perfect heart to Hebron, to make David king over all Israel: and all the rest also of Israel [were] of one heart to make David king.
1 Chronicles 12:39	And there they were with David three days, eating and drinking: for their brethren had prepared for them.
1 Chronicles 12:40	Moreover they that were nigh them, [even] unto Issachar and Zebulun and Naphtali, brought bread on asses, and on camels, and on mules, and on oxen, [and] meat, meal, cakes of figs, and bunches of raisins, and wine, and oil, and oxen, and sheep abundantly: for [there was] joy in Israel.
1 Chronicles 13:1	And David consulted with the captains of thousands and hundreds, [and] with every leader.
1 Chronicles 13:2	And David said unto all the congregation of Israel, If [it seem] good unto you, and [that it be] of the LORD our God, let us send abroad unto our brethren every where, [that are] left in all the land of Israel, and with them [also] to the priests and Levites [which are] in their cities [and] suburbs, that they may gather themselves unto us:
1 Chronicles 13:3	And let us bring again the ark of our God to us: for we inquired not at it in the days of Saul.
1 Chronicles 13:4	And all the congregation said that they would do so: for the thing was right in the eyes of all the people.
1 Chronicles 13:5	So David gathered all Israel together, from Shihor of Egypt even unto the entering of Hemath, to bring the ark of God from Kirjathjearim.
1 Chronicles 13:6	And David went up, and all Israel, to Baalah, [that is], to Kirjathjearim, which [belonged] to Judah, to bring up thence the ark of God the LORD, that dwelleth [between] the cherubims, whose name is called [on it].
1 Chronicles 13:7	And they carried the ark of God in a new cart out of the house of Abinadab: and Uzza and Ahio drave the cart.
1 Chronicles 13:8	And David and all Israel played before God with all [their] might, and with singing, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with timbrels, and with cymbals, and with trumpets.
1 Chronicles 13:9	And when they came unto the threshingfloor of Chidon, Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled.
1 Chronicles 13:10	And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark: and there he died before God.
1 Chronicles 13:11	And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day.
1 Chronicles 13:12	And David was afraid of God that day, saying, How shall I bring the ark of God [home] to me?
1 Chronicles 13:13	So David brought not the ark [home] to himself to the city of David, but carried it aside into the house of Obededom the Gittite.
1 Chronicles 13:14	And the ark of God remained with the family of Obededom in his house three months. And the LORD blessed the house of Obededom, and all that he had.
1 Chronicles 14:1	Now Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, and timber of cedars, with masons and carpenters, to build him an house.
1 Chronicles 14:2	And David perceived that the LORD had confirmed him king over Israel, for his kingdom was lifted up on high, because of his people Israel.
1 Chronicles 14:3	And David took more wives at Jerusalem: and David begat more sons and daughters.
1 Chronicles 14:4	Now these [are] the names of [his] children which he had in Jerusalem; Shammua, and Shobab, Nathan, and Solomon,
1 Chronicles 14:5	And Ibhar, and Elishua, and Elpalet,
1 Chronicles 14:6	And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
1 Chronicles 14:7	And Elishama, and Beeliada, and Eliphalet.
1 Chronicles 14:8	And when the Philistines heard that David was anointed king over all Israel, all the Philistines went up to seek David. And David heard [of it], and went out against them.
1 Chronicles 14:9	And the Philistines came and spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
1 Chronicles 14:10	And David inquired of God, saying, Shall I go up against the Philistines? and wilt thou deliver them into mine hand? And the LORD said unto him, Go up; for I will deliver them into thine hand.
1 Chronicles 14:11	So they came up to Baalperazim; and David smote them there. Then David said, God hath broken in upon mine enemies by mine hand like the breaking forth of waters: therefore they called the name of that place Baalperazim.
1 Chronicles 14:12	And when they had left their gods there, David gave a commandment, and they were burned with fire.
1 Chronicles 14:13	And the Philistines yet again spread themselves abroad in the valley.
1 Chronicles 14:14	Therefore David inquired again of God; and God said unto him, Go not up after them; turn away from them, and come upon them over against the mulberry trees.
1 Chronicles 14:15	And it shall be, when thou shalt hear a sound of going in the tops of the mulberry trees, [that] then thou shalt go out to battle: for God is gone forth before thee to smite the host of the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 14:16	David therefore did as God commanded him: and they smote the host of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gazer.
1 Chronicles 14:17	And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD brought the fear of him upon all nations.
1 Chronicles 15:1	And [David] made him houses in the city of David, and prepared a place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent.
1 Chronicles 15:2	Then David said, None ought to carry the ark of God but the Levites: for them hath the LORD chosen to carry the ark of God, and to minister unto him for ever.
1 Chronicles 15:3	And David gathered all Israel together to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the LORD unto his place, which he had prepared for it.
1 Chronicles 15:4	And David assembled the children of Aaron, and the Levites:
1 Chronicles 15:5	Of the sons of Kohath; Uriel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twenty:
1 Chronicles 15:6	Of the sons of Merari; Asaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred and twenty:
1 Chronicles 15:7	Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the chief, and his brethren an hundred and thirty:
1 Chronicles 15:8	Of the sons of Elizaphan; Shemaiah the chief, and his brethren two hundred:
1 Chronicles 15:9	Of the sons of Hebron; Eliel the chief, and his brethren fourscore:
1 Chronicles 15:10	Of the sons of Uzziel; Amminadab the chief, and his brethren an hundred and twelve.
1 Chronicles 15:11	And David called for Zadok and Abiathar the priests, and for the Levites, for Uriel, Asaiah, and Joel, Shemaiah, and Eliel, and Amminadab,
1 Chronicles 15:12	And said unto them, Ye [are] the chief of the fathers of the Levites: sanctify yourselves, [both] ye and your brethren, that ye may bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel unto [the place that] I have prepared for it.
1 Chronicles 15:13	For because ye [did it] not at the first, the LORD our God made a breach upon us, for that we sought him not after the due order.
1 Chronicles 15:14	So the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the ark of the LORD God of Israel.
1 Chronicles 15:15	And the children of the Levites bare the ark of God upon their shoulders with the staves thereon, as Moses commanded according to the word of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 15:16	And David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren [to be] the singers with instruments of musick, psalteries and harps and cymbals, sounding, by lifting up the voice with joy.
1 Chronicles 15:17	So the Levites appointed Heman the son of Joel; and of his brethren, Asaph the son of Berechiah; and of the sons of Merari their brethren, Ethan the son of Kushaiah;
1 Chronicles 15:18	And with them their brethren of the second [degree], Zechariah, Ben, and Jaaziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, Eliab, and Benaiah, and Maaseiah, and Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, the porters.
1 Chronicles 15:19	So the singers, Heman, Asaph, and Ethan, [were appointed] to sound with cymbals of brass;
1 Chronicles 15:20	And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on Alamoth;
1 Chronicles 15:21	And Mattithiah, and Elipheleh, and Mikneiah, and Obededom, and Jeiel, and Azaziah, with harps on the Sheminith to excel.
1 Chronicles 15:22	And Chenaniah, chief of the Levites, [was] for song: he instructed about the song, because he [was] skilful.
1 Chronicles 15:23	And Berechiah and Elkanah [were] doorkeepers for the ark.
1 Chronicles 15:24	And Shebaniah, and Jehoshaphat, and Nethaneel, and Amasai, and Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the trumpets before the ark of God: and Obededom and Jehiah [were] doorkeepers for the ark.
1 Chronicles 15:25	So David, and the elders of Israel, and the captains over thousands, went to bring up the ark of the covenant of the LORD out of the house of Obededom with joy.
1 Chronicles 15:26	And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they offered seven bullocks and seven rams.
1 Chronicles 15:27	And David [was] clothed with a robe of fine linen, and all the Levites that bare the ark, and the singers, and Chenaniah the master of the song with the singers: David also [had] upon him an ephod of linen.
1 Chronicles 15:28	Thus all Israel brought up the ark of the covenant of the LORD with shouting, and with sound of the cornet, and with trumpets, and with cymbals, making a noise with psalteries and harps.
1 Chronicles 15:29	And it came to pass, [as] the ark of the covenant of the LORD came to the city of David, that Michal the daughter of Saul looking out at a window saw king David dancing and playing: and she despised him in her heart.
1 Chronicles 16:1	So they brought the ark of God, and set it in the midst of the tent that David had pitched for it: and they offered burnt sacrifices and peace offerings before God.
1 Chronicles 16:2	And when David had made an end of offering the burnt offerings and the peace offerings, he blessed the people in the name of the LORD.
1 Chronicles 16:3	And he dealt to every one of Israel, both man and woman, to every one a loaf of bread, and a good piece of flesh, and a flagon [of wine].
1 Chronicles 16:4	And he appointed [certain] of the Levites to minister before the ark of the LORD, and to record, and to thank and praise the LORD God of Israel:
1 Chronicles 16:5	Asaph the chief, and next to him Zechariah, Jeiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obededom: and Jeiel with psalteries and with harps; but Asaph made a sound with cymbals;
1 Chronicles 16:6	Benaiah also and Jahaziel the priests with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God.
1 Chronicles 16:7	Then on that day David delivered first [this psalm] to thank the LORD into the hand of Asaph and his brethren.
1 Chronicles 16:8	Give thanks unto the LORD, call upon his name, make known his deeds among the people.
1 Chronicles 16:9	Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him, talk ye of all his wondrous works.
1 Chronicles 16:10	Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.
1 Chronicles 16:11	Seek the LORD and his strength, seek his face continually.
1 Chronicles 16:12	Remember his marvellous works that he hath done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;
1 Chronicles 16:13	O ye seed of Israel his servant, ye children of Jacob, his chosen ones.
1 Chronicles 16:14	He [is] the LORD our God; his judgments [are] in all the earth.
1 Chronicles 16:15	Be ye mindful always of his covenant; the word [which] he commanded to a thousand generations;
1 Chronicles 16:16	[Even of the covenant] which he made with Abraham, and of his oath unto Isaac;
1 Chronicles 16:17	And hath confirmed the same to Jacob for a law, [and] to Israel [for] an everlasting covenant,
1 Chronicles 16:18	Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance;
1 Chronicles 16:19	When ye were but few, even a few, and strangers in it.
1 Chronicles 16:20	And [when] they went from nation to nation, and from [one] kingdom to another people;
1 Chronicles 16:21	He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes,
1 Chronicles 16:22	[Saying], Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.
1 Chronicles 16:23	Sing unto the LORD, all the earth; shew forth from day to day his salvation.
1 Chronicles 16:24	Declare his glory among the heathen; his marvellous works among all nations.
1 Chronicles 16:25	For great [is] the LORD, and greatly to be praised: he also [is] to be feared above all gods.
1 Chronicles 16:26	For all the gods of the people [are] idols: but the LORD made the heavens.
1 Chronicles 16:27	Glory and honour [are] in his presence; strength and gladness [are] in his place.
1 Chronicles 16:28	Give unto the LORD, ye kindreds of the people, give unto the LORD glory and strength.
1 Chronicles 16:29	Give unto the LORD the glory [due] unto his name: bring an offering, and come before him: worship the LORD in the beauty of holiness.
1 Chronicles 16:30	Fear before him, all the earth: the world also shall be stable, that it be not moved.
1 Chronicles 16:31	Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice: and let [men] say among the nations, The LORD reigneth.
1 Chronicles 16:32	Let the sea roar, and the fulness thereof: let the fields rejoice, and all that [is] therein.
1 Chronicles 16:33	Then shall the trees of the wood sing out at the presence of the LORD, because he cometh to judge the earth.
1 Chronicles 16:34	O give thanks unto the LORD; for [he is] good; for his mercy [endureth] for ever.
1 Chronicles 16:35	And say ye, Save us, O God of our salvation, and gather us together, and deliver us from the heathen, that we may give thanks to thy holy name, [and] glory in thy praise.
1 Chronicles 16:36	Blessed [be] the LORD God of Israel for ever and ever. And all the people said, Amen, and praised the LORD.
1 Chronicles 16:37	So he left there before the ark of the covenant of the LORD Asaph and his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, as every day’s work required:
1 Chronicles 16:38	And Obededom with their brethren, threescore and eight; Obededom also the son of Jeduthun and Hosah [to be] porters:
1 Chronicles 16:39	And Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of the LORD in the high place that [was] at Gibeon,
1 Chronicles 16:40	To offer burnt offerings unto the LORD upon the altar of the burnt offering continually morning and evening, and [to do] according to all that is written in the law of the LORD, which he commanded Israel;
1 Chronicles 16:41	And with them Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest that were chosen, who were expressed by name, to give thanks to the LORD, because his mercy [endureth] for ever;
1 Chronicles 16:42	And with them Heman and Jeduthun with trumpets and cymbals for those that should make a sound, and with musical instruments of God. And the sons of Jeduthun [were] porters.
1 Chronicles 16:43	And all the people departed every man to his house: and David returned to bless his house.
1 Chronicles 17:1	Now it came to pass, as David sat in his house, that David said to Nathan the prophet, Lo, I dwell in an house of cedars, but the ark of the covenant of the LORD [remaineth] under curtains.
1 Chronicles 17:2	Then Nathan said unto David, Do all that [is] in thine heart; for God [is] with thee.
1 Chronicles 17:3	And it came to pass the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,
1 Chronicles 17:4	Go and tell David my servant, Thus saith the LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in:
1 Chronicles 17:5	For I have not dwelt in an house since the day that I brought up Israel unto this day; but have gone from tent to tent, and from [one] tabernacle [to another].
1 Chronicles 17:6	Wheresoever I have walked with all Israel, spake I a word to any of the judges of Israel, whom I commanded to feed my people, saying, Why have ye not built me an house of cedars?
1 Chronicles 17:7	Now therefore thus shalt thou say unto my servant David, Thus saith the LORD of hosts, I took thee from the sheepcote, [even] from following the sheep, that thou shouldest be ruler over my people Israel:
1 Chronicles 17:8	And I have been with thee whithersoever thou hast walked, and have cut off all thine enemies from before thee, and have made thee a name like the name of the great men that [are] in the earth.
1 Chronicles 17:9	Also I will ordain a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, and they shall dwell in their place, and shall be moved no more; neither shall the children of wickedness waste them any more, as at the beginning,
1 Chronicles 17:10	And since the time that I commanded judges [to be] over my people Israel. Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies. Furthermore I tell thee that the LORD will build thee an house.
1 Chronicles 17:11	And it shall come to pass, when thy days be expired that thou must go [to be] with thy fathers, that I will raise up thy seed after thee, which shall be of thy sons; and I will establish his kingdom.
1 Chronicles 17:12	He shall build me an house, and I will stablish his throne for ever.
1 Chronicles 17:13	I will be his father, and he shall be my son: and I will not take my mercy away from him, as I took [it] from [him] that was before thee:
1 Chronicles 17:14	But I will settle him in mine house and in my kingdom for ever: and his throne shall be established for evermore.
1 Chronicles 17:15	According to all these words, and according to all this vision, so did Nathan speak unto David.
1 Chronicles 17:16	And David the king came and sat before the LORD, and said, Who [am] I, O LORD God, and what [is] mine house, that thou hast brought me hitherto?
1 Chronicles 17:17	And [yet] this was a small thing in thine eyes, O God; for thou hast [also] spoken of thy servant’s house for a great while to come, and hast regarded me according to the estate of a man of high degree, O LORD God.
1 Chronicles 17:18	What can David [speak] more to thee for the honour of thy servant? for thou knowest thy servant.
1 Chronicles 17:19	O LORD, for thy servant’s sake, and according to thine own heart, hast thou done all this greatness, in making known all [these] great things.
1 Chronicles 17:20	O LORD, [there is] none like thee, neither [is there any] God beside thee, according to all that we have heard with our ears.
1 Chronicles 17:21	And what one nation in the earth [is] like thy people Israel, whom God went to redeem [to be] his own people, to make thee a name of greatness and terribleness, by driving out nations from before thy people, whom thou hast redeemed out of Egypt?
1 Chronicles 17:22	For thy people Israel didst thou make thine own people for ever; and thou, LORD, becamest their God.
1 Chronicles 17:23	Therefore now, LORD, let the thing that thou hast spoken concerning thy servant and concerning his house be established for ever, and do as thou hast said.
1 Chronicles 17:24	Let it even be established, that thy name may be magnified for ever, saying, The LORD of hosts [is] the God of Israel, [even] a God to Israel: and [let] the house of David thy servant [be] established before thee.
1 Chronicles 17:25	For thou, O my God, hast told thy servant that thou wilt build him an house: therefore thy servant hath found [in his heart] to pray before thee.
1 Chronicles 17:26	And now, LORD, thou art God, and hast promised this goodness unto thy servant:
1 Chronicles 17:27	Now therefore let it please thee to bless the house of thy servant, that it may be before thee for ever: for thou blessest, O LORD, and [it shall be] blessed for ever.
1 Chronicles 18:1	Now after this it came to pass, that David smote the Philistines, and subdued them, and took Gath and her towns out of the hand of the Philistines.
1 Chronicles 18:2	And he smote Moab; and the Moabites became David’s servants, [and] brought gifts.
1 Chronicles 18:3	And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath, as he went to stablish his dominion by the river Euphrates.
1 Chronicles 18:4	And David took from him a thousand chariots, and seven thousand horsemen, and twenty thousand footmen: David also houghed all the chariot [horses], but reserved of them an hundred chariots.
1 Chronicles 18:5	And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men.
1 Chronicles 18:6	Then David put [garrisons] in Syriadamascus; and the Syrians became David’s servants, [and] brought gifts. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
1 Chronicles 18:7	And David took the shields of gold that were on the servants of Hadarezer, and brought them to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 18:8	Likewise from Tibhath, and from Chun, cities of Hadarezer, brought David very much brass, wherewith Solomon made the brasen sea, and the pillars, and the vessels of brass.
1 Chronicles 18:9	Now when Tou king of Hamath heard how David had smitten all the host of Hadarezer king of Zobah;
1 Chronicles 18:10	He sent Hadoram his son to king David, to inquire of his welfare, and to congratulate him, because he had fought against Hadarezer, and smitten him; (for Hadarezer had war with Tou;) and [with him] all manner of vessels of gold and silver and brass.
1 Chronicles 18:11	Them also king David dedicated unto the LORD, with the silver and the gold that he brought from all [these] nations; from Edom, and from Moab, and from the children of Ammon, and from the Philistines, and from Amalek.
1 Chronicles 18:12	Moreover Abishai the son of Zeruiah slew of the Edomites in the valley of salt eighteen thousand.
1 Chronicles 18:13	And he put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became David’s servants. Thus the LORD preserved David whithersoever he went.
1 Chronicles 18:14	So David reigned over all Israel, and executed judgment and justice among all his people.
1 Chronicles 18:15	And Joab the son of Zeruiah [was] over the host; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud, recorder.
1 Chronicles 18:16	And Zadok the son of Ahitub, and Abimelech the son of Abiathar, [were] the priests; and Shavsha was scribe;
1 Chronicles 18:17	And Benaiah the son of Jehoiada [was] over the Cherethites and the Pelethites; and the sons of David [were] chief about the king.
1 Chronicles 19:1	Now it came to pass after this, that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned in his stead.
1 Chronicles 19:2	And David said, I will shew kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, because his father shewed kindness to me. And David sent messengers to comfort him concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of the children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him.
1 Chronicles 19:3	But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honour thy father, that he hath sent comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to overthrow, and to spy out the land?
1 Chronicles 19:4	Wherefore Hanun took David’s servants, and shaved them, and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them away.
1 Chronicles 19:5	Then there went [certain], and told David how the men were served. And he sent to meet them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and [then] return.
1 Chronicles 19:6	And when the children of Ammon saw that they had made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah.
1 Chronicles 19:7	So they hired thirty and two thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from their cities, and came to battle.
1 Chronicles 19:8	And when David heard [of it], he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.
1 Chronicles 19:9	And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come [were] by themselves in the field.
1 Chronicles 19:10	Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put [them] in array against the Syrians.
1 Chronicles 19:11	And the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of Abishai his brother, and they set [themselves] in array against the children of Ammon.
1 Chronicles 19:12	And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee.
1 Chronicles 19:13	Be of good courage, and let us behave ourselves valiantly for our people, and for the cities of our God: and let the LORD do [that which is] good in his sight.
1 Chronicles 19:14	So Joab and the people that [were] with him drew nigh before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him.
1 Chronicles 19:15	And when the children of Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his brother, and entered into the city. Then Joab came to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 19:16	And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew forth the Syrians that [were] beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the host of Hadarezer [went] before them.
1 Chronicles 19:17	And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set [the battle] in array against them. So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they fought with him.
1 Chronicles 19:18	But the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew of the Syrians seven thousand [men which fought in] chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed Shophach the captain of the host.
1 Chronicles 19:19	And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more.
1 Chronicles 20:1	And it came to pass, that after the year was expired, at the time that kings go out [to battle], Joab led forth the power of the army, and wasted the country of the children of Ammon, and came and besieged Rabbah. But David tarried at Jerusalem. And Joab smote Rabbah, and destroyed it.
1 Chronicles 20:2	And David took the crown of their king from off his head, and found it to weigh a talent of gold, and [there were] precious stones in it; and it was set upon David’s head: and he brought also exceeding much spoil out of the city.
1 Chronicles 20:3	And he brought out the people that [were] in it, and cut [them] with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes. Even so dealt David with all the cities of the children of Ammon. And David and all the people returned to Jerusalem.
1 Chronicles 20:4	And it came to pass after this, that there arose war at Gezer with the Philistines; at which time Sibbechai the Hushathite slew Sippai, [that was] of the children of the giant: and they were subdued.
1 Chronicles 20:5	And there was war again with the Philistines; and Elhanan the son of Jair slew Lahmi the brother of Goliath the Gittite, whose spear staff [was] like a weaver’s beam.
1 Chronicles 20:6	And yet again there was war at Gath, where was a man of [great] stature, whose fingers and toes [were] four and twenty, six [on each hand], and six [on each foot]: and he also was the son of the giant.
1 Chronicles 20:7	But when he defied Israel, Jonathan the son of Shimea David’s brother slew him.
1 Chronicles 20:8	These were born unto the giant in Gath; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
1 Chronicles 21:1	And Satan stood up against Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.