John 12:12	On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem,
John 12:13	Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed [is] the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord.
John 12:14	And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written,
John 12:15	Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass’s colt.
John 12:16	These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and [that] they had done these things unto him.
John 12:17	The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record.
John 12:18	For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle.
John 12:19	The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him.
John 12:20	And there were certain Greeks among them that came up to worship at the feast:
John 12:21	The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus.
John 12:22	Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus.
John 12:23	And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.
John 12:24	Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.
John 12:25	He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal.
John 12:26	If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will [my] Father honour.
John 12:27	Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour.
John 12:28	Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, [saying], I have both glorified [it], and will glorify [it] again.
John 12:29	The people therefore, that stood by, and heard [it], said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him.
John 12:30	Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes.
John 12:31	Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out.
John 12:32	And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all [men] unto me.
John 12:33	This he said, signifying what death he should die.
John 12:34	The people answered him, We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how sayest thou, The Son of man must be lifted up? who is this Son of man?
John 12:35	Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth.
John 12:36	While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them.
John 12:37	But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him:
John 12:38	That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed?
John 12:39	Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again,
John 12:40	He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with [their] eyes, nor understand with [their] heart, and be converted, and I should heal them.
John 12:41	These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him.
John 12:42	Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confess [him], lest they should be put out of the synagogue:
John 12:43	For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God.
John 12:44	Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him that sent me.
John 12:45	And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me.
John 12:46	I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness.
John 12:47	And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world.
John 12:48	He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day.
John 12:49	For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak.
John 12:50	And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak.
John 13:1	Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end.
John 13:2	And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon’s [son], to betray him;
John 13:3	Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God;
John 13:4	He riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself.
John 13:5	After that he poureth water into a bason, and began to wash the disciples’ feet, and to wipe [them] with the towel wherewith he was girded.
John 13:6	Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet?
John 13:7	Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter.
John 13:8	Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me.
John 13:9	Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also [my] hands and [my] head.
John 13:10	Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash [his] feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all.
John 13:11	For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean.
John 13:12	So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?
John 13:13	Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for [so] I am.
John 13:14	If I then, [your] Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another’s feet.
John 13:15	For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you.
John 13:16	Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.
John 13:17	If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.
John 13:18	I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me.
John 13:19	Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am [he].
John 13:20	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth me; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me.
John 13:21	When Jesus had thus said, he was troubled in spirit, and testified, and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
John 13:22	Then the disciples looked one on another, doubting of whom he spake.
John 13:23	Now there was leaning on Jesus’ bosom one of his disciples, whom Jesus loved.
John 13:24	Simon Peter therefore beckoned to him, that he should ask who it should be of whom he spake.
John 13:25	He then lying on Jesus’ breast saith unto him, Lord, who is it?
John 13:26	Jesus answered, He it is, to whom I shall give a sop, when I have dipped [it]. And when he had dipped the sop, he gave [it] to Judas Iscariot, [the son] of Simon.
John 13:27	And after the sop Satan entered into him. Then said Jesus unto him, That thou doest, do quickly.
John 13:28	Now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him.
John 13:29	For some [of them] thought, because Judas had the bag, that Jesus had said unto him, Buy [those things] that we have need of against the feast; or, that he should give something to the poor.
John 13:30	He then having received the sop went immediately out: and it was night.
John 13:31	Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, Now is the Son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him.