Numbers 23:24	Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion, and lift up himself as a young lion: he shall not lie down until he eat [of] the prey, and drink the blood of the slain.
Numbers 23:25	And Balak said unto Balaam, Neither curse them at all, nor bless them at all.
Numbers 23:26	But Balaam answered and said unto Balak, Told not I thee, saying, All that the LORD speaketh, that I must do?
Numbers 23:27	And Balak said unto Balaam, Come, I pray thee, I will bring thee unto another place; peradventure it will please God that thou mayest curse me them from thence.
Numbers 23:28	And Balak brought Balaam unto the top of Peor, that looketh toward Jeshimon.
Numbers 23:29	And Balaam said unto Balak, Build me here seven altars, and prepare me here seven bullocks and seven rams.
Numbers 23:30	And Balak did as Balaam had said, and offered a bullock and a ram on [every] altar.
Numbers 24:1	And when Balaam saw that it pleased the LORD to bless Israel, he went not, as at other times, to seek for enchantments, but he set his face toward the wilderness.
Numbers 24:2	And Balaam lifted up his eyes, and he saw Israel abiding [in his tents] according to their tribes; and the spirit of God came upon him.
Numbers 24:3	And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:
Numbers 24:4	He hath said, which heard the words of God, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling [into a trance], but having his eyes open:
Numbers 24:5	How goodly are thy tents, O Jacob, [and] thy tabernacles, O Israel!
Numbers 24:6	As the valleys are they spread forth, as gardens by the river’s side, as the trees of lign aloes which the LORD hath planted, [and] as cedar trees beside the waters.
Numbers 24:7	He shall pour the water out of his buckets, and his seed [shall be] in many waters, and his king shall be higher than Agag, and his kingdom shall be exalted.
Numbers 24:8	God brought him forth out of Egypt; he hath as it were the strength of an unicorn: he shall eat up the nations his enemies, and shall break their bones, and pierce [them] through with his arrows.
Numbers 24:9	He couched, he lay down as a lion, and as a great lion: who shall stir him up? Blessed [is] he that blesseth thee, and cursed [is] he that curseth thee.
Numbers 24:10	And Balak’s anger was kindled against Balaam, and he smote his hands together: and Balak said unto Balaam, I called thee to curse mine enemies, and, behold, thou hast altogether blessed [them] these three times.
Numbers 24:11	Therefore now flee thou to thy place: I thought to promote thee unto great honour; but, lo, the LORD hath kept thee back from honour.
Numbers 24:12	And Balaam said unto Balak, Spake I not also to thy messengers which thou sentest unto me, saying,
Numbers 24:13	If Balak would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the commandment of the LORD, to do [either] good or bad of mine own mind; [but] what the LORD saith, that will I speak?
Numbers 24:14	And now, behold, I go unto my people: come [therefore, and] I will advertise thee what this people shall do to thy people in the latter days.
Numbers 24:15	And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said:
Numbers 24:16	He hath said, which heard the words of God, and knew the knowledge of the most High, [which] saw the vision of the Almighty, falling [into a trance], but having his eyes open:
Numbers 24:17	I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: there shall come a Star out of Jacob, and a Sceptre shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth.
Numbers 24:18	And Edom shall be a possession, Seir also shall be a possession for his enemies; and Israel shall do valiantly.
Numbers 24:19	Out of Jacob shall come he that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remaineth of the city.
Numbers 24:20	And when he looked on Amalek, he took up his parable, and said, Amalek [was] the first of the nations; but his latter end [shall be] that he perish for ever.
Numbers 24:21	And he looked on the Kenites, and took up his parable, and said, Strong is thy dwellingplace, and thou puttest thy nest in a rock.
Numbers 24:22	Nevertheless the Kenite shall be wasted, until Asshur shall carry thee away captive.
Numbers 24:23	And he took up his parable, and said, Alas, who shall live when God doeth this!
Numbers 24:24	And ships [shall come] from the coast of Chittim, and shall afflict Asshur, and shall afflict Eber, and he also shall perish for ever.
Numbers 24:25	And Balaam rose up, and went and returned to his place: and Balak also went his way.
Numbers 25:1	And Israel abode in Shittim, and the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab.
Numbers 25:2	And they called the people unto the sacrifices of their gods: and the people did eat, and bowed down to their gods.
Numbers 25:3	And Israel joined himself unto Baalpeor: and the anger of the LORD was kindled against Israel.
Numbers 25:4	And the LORD said unto Moses, Take all the heads of the people, and hang them up before the LORD against the sun, that the fierce anger of the LORD may be turned away from Israel.
Numbers 25:5	And Moses said unto the judges of Israel, Slay ye every one his men that were joined unto Baalpeor.
Numbers 25:6	And, behold, one of the children of Israel came and brought unto his brethren a Midianitish woman in the sight of Moses, and in the sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel, who [were] weeping [before] the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.
Numbers 25:7	And when Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, saw [it], he rose up from among the congregation, and took a javelin in his hand;
Numbers 25:8	And he went after the man of Israel into the tent, and thrust both of them through, the man of Israel, and the woman through her belly. So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel.
Numbers 25:9	And those that died in the plague were twenty and four thousand.
Numbers 25:10	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 25:11	Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the priest, hath turned my wrath away from the children of Israel, while he was zealous for my sake among them, that I consumed not the children of Israel in my jealousy.
Numbers 25:12	Wherefore say, Behold, I give unto him my covenant of peace:
Numbers 25:13	And he shall have it, and his seed after him, [even] the covenant of an everlasting priesthood; because he was zealous for his God, and made an atonement for the children of Israel.
Numbers 25:14	Now the name of the Israelite that was slain, [even] that was slain with the Midianitish woman, [was] Zimri, the son of Salu, a prince of a chief house among the Simeonites.
Numbers 25:15	And the name of the Midianitish woman that was slain [was] Cozbi, the daughter of Zur; he [was] head over a people, [and] of a chief house in Midian.
Numbers 25:16	And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying,
Numbers 25:17	Vex the Midianites, and smite them:
Numbers 25:18	For they vex you with their wiles, wherewith they have beguiled you in the matter of Peor, and in the matter of Cozbi, the daughter of a prince of Midian, their sister, which was slain in the day of the plague for Peor’s sake.
Numbers 26:1	And it came to pass after the plague, that the LORD spake unto Moses and unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
Numbers 26:2	Take the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, from twenty years old and upward, throughout their fathers’ house, all that are able to go to war in Israel.
Numbers 26:3	And Moses and Eleazar the priest spake with them in the plains of Moab by Jordan [near] Jericho, saying,
Numbers 26:4	[Take the sum of the people], from twenty years old and upward; as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel, which went forth out of the land of Egypt.
Numbers 26:5	Reuben, the eldest son of Israel: the children of Reuben; Hanoch, [of whom cometh] the family of the Hanochites: of Pallu, the family of the Palluites:
Numbers 26:6	Of Hezron, the family of the Hezronites: of Carmi, the family of the Carmites.
Numbers 26:7	These [are] the families of the Reubenites: and they that were numbered of them were forty and three thousand and seven hundred and thirty.
Numbers 26:8	And the sons of Pallu; Eliab.
Numbers 26:9	And the sons of Eliab; Nemuel, and Dathan, and Abiram. This [is that] Dathan and Abiram, [which were] famous in the congregation, who strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah, when they strove against the LORD:
Numbers 26:10	And the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them up together with Korah, when that company died, what time the fire devoured two hundred and fifty men: and they became a sign.
Numbers 26:11	Notwithstanding the children of Korah died not.
Numbers 26:12	The sons of Simeon after their families: of Nemuel, the family of the Nemuelites: of Jamin, the family of the Jaminites: of Jachin, the family of the Jachinites:
Numbers 26:13	Of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites: of Shaul, the family of the Shaulites.
Numbers 26:14	These [are] the families of the Simeonites, twenty and two thousand and two hundred.
Numbers 26:15	The children of Gad after their families: of Zephon, the family of the Zephonites: of Haggi, the family of the Haggites: of Shuni, the family of the Shunites:
Numbers 26:16	Of Ozni, the family of the Oznites: of Eri, the family of the Erites:
Numbers 26:17	Of Arod, the family of the Arodites: of Areli, the family of the Arelites.
Numbers 26:18	These [are] the families of the children of Gad according to those that were numbered of them, forty thousand and five hundred.
Numbers 26:19	The sons of Judah [were] Er and Onan: and Er and Onan died in the land of Canaan.
Numbers 26:20	And the sons of Judah after their families were; of Shelah, the family of the Shelanites: of Pharez, the family of the Pharzites: of Zerah, the family of the Zarhites.