2 Chronicles 32:19	And they spake against the God of Jerusalem, as against the gods of the people of the earth, [which were] the work of the hands of man.
2 Chronicles 32:20	And for this [cause] Hezekiah the king, and the prophet Isaiah the son of Amoz, prayed and cried to heaven.
2 Chronicles 32:21	And the LORD sent an angel, which cut off all the mighty men of valour, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of Assyria. So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him there with the sword.
2 Chronicles 32:22	Thus the LORD saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all [other], and guided them on every side.
2 Chronicles 32:23	And many brought gifts unto the LORD to Jerusalem, and presents to Hezekiah king of Judah: so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations from thenceforth.
2 Chronicles 32:24	In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto the LORD: and he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign.
2 Chronicles 32:25	But Hezekiah rendered not again according to the benefit [done] unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was wrath upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 32:26	Notwithstanding Hezekiah humbled himself for the pride of his heart, [both] he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the wrath of the LORD came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah.
2 Chronicles 32:27	And Hezekiah had exceeding much riches and honour: and he made himself treasuries for silver, and for gold, and for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of pleasant jewels;
2 Chronicles 32:28	Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and stalls for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks.
2 Chronicles 32:29	Moreover he provided him cities, and possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for God had given him substance very much.
2 Chronicles 32:30	This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David. And Hezekiah prospered in all his works.
2 Chronicles 32:31	Howbeit in [the business of] the ambassadors of the princes of Babylon, who sent unto him to inquire of the wonder that was [done] in the land, God left him, to try him, that he might know all [that was] in his heart.
2 Chronicles 32:32	Now the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and his goodness, behold, they [are] written in the vision of Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, [and] in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
2 Chronicles 32:33	And Hezekiah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the chiefest of the sepulchres of the sons of David: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem did him honour at his death. And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 33:1	Manasseh [was] twelve years old when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem:
2 Chronicles 33:2	But did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, like unto the abominations of the heathen, whom the LORD had cast out before the children of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:3	For he built again the high places which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for Baalim, and made groves, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.
2 Chronicles 33:4	Also he built altars in the house of the LORD, whereof the LORD had said, In Jerusalem shall my name be for ever.
2 Chronicles 33:5	And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 33:6	And he caused his children to pass through the fire in the valley of the son of Hinnom: also he observed times, and used enchantments, and used witchcraft, and dealt with a familiar spirit, and with wizards: he wrought much evil in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
2 Chronicles 33:7	And he set a carved image, the idol which he had made, in the house of God, of which God had said to David and to Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen before all the tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:
2 Chronicles 33:8	Neither will I any more remove the foot of Israel from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers; so that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them, according to the whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses.
2 Chronicles 33:9	So Manasseh made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err, [and] to do worse than the heathen, whom the LORD had destroyed before the children of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:10	And the LORD spake to Manasseh, and to his people: but they would not hearken.
2 Chronicles 33:11	Wherefore the LORD brought upon them the captains of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 33:12	And when he was in affliction, he besought the LORD his God, and humbled himself greatly before the God of his fathers,
2 Chronicles 33:13	And prayed unto him: and he was intreated of him, and heard his supplication, and brought him again to Jerusalem into his kingdom. Then Manasseh knew that the LORD he [was] God.
2 Chronicles 33:14	Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate, and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah.
2 Chronicles 33:15	And he took away the strange gods, and the idol out of the house of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the house of the LORD, and in Jerusalem, and cast [them] out of the city.
2 Chronicles 33:16	And he repaired the altar of the LORD, and sacrificed thereon peace offerings and thank offerings, and commanded Judah to serve the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:17	Nevertheless the people did sacrifice still in the high places, [yet] unto the LORD their God only.
2 Chronicles 33:18	Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and his prayer unto his God, and the words of the seers that spake to him in the name of the LORD God of Israel, behold, they [are written] in the book of the kings of Israel.
2 Chronicles 33:19	His prayer also, and [how God] was intreated of him, and all his sin, and his trespass, and the places wherein he built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled: behold, they [are] written among the sayings of the seers.
2 Chronicles 33:20	So Manasseh slept with his fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 33:21	Amon [was] two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 33:22	But he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD, as did Manasseh his father: for Amon sacrificed unto all the carved images which Manasseh his father had made, and served them;
2 Chronicles 33:23	And humbled not himself before the LORD, as Manasseh his father had humbled himself; but Amon trespassed more and more.
2 Chronicles 33:24	And his servants conspired against him, and slew him in his own house.
2 Chronicles 33:25	But the people of the land slew all them that had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son king in his stead.
2 Chronicles 34:1	Josiah [was] eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.
2 Chronicles 34:2	And he did [that which was] right in the sight of the LORD, and walked in the ways of David his father, and declined [neither] to the right hand, nor to the left.
2 Chronicles 34:3	For in the eighth year of his reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the God of David his father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.
2 Chronicles 34:4	And they brake down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, that [were] on high above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made dust [of them], and strowed [it] upon the graves of them that had sacrificed unto them.
2 Chronicles 34:5	And he burnt the bones of the priests upon their altars, and cleansed Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:6	And [so did he] in the cities of Manasseh, and Ephraim, and Simeon, even unto Naphtali, with their mattocks round about.
2 Chronicles 34:7	And when he had broken down the altars and the groves, and had beaten the graven images into powder, and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of Israel, he returned to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:8	Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the house of the LORD his God.
2 Chronicles 34:9	And when they came to Hilkiah the high priest, they delivered the money that was brought into the house of God, which the Levites that kept the doors had gathered of the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim, and of all the remnant of Israel, and of all Judah and Benjamin; and they returned to Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:10	And they put [it] in the hand of the workmen that had the oversight of the house of the LORD, and they gave it to the workmen that wrought in the house of the LORD, to repair and amend the house:
2 Chronicles 34:11	Even to the artificers and builders gave they [it], to buy hewn stone, and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings of Judah had destroyed.
2 Chronicles 34:12	And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them [were] Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set [it] forward; and [other of] the Levites, all that could skill of instruments of musick.
2 Chronicles 34:13	Also [they were] over the bearers of burdens, and [were] overseers of all that wrought the work in any manner of service: and of the Levites [there were] scribes, and officers, and porters.
2 Chronicles 34:14	And when they brought out the money that was brought into the house of the LORD, Hilkiah the priest found a book of the law of the LORD [given] by Moses.
2 Chronicles 34:15	And Hilkiah answered and said to Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of the LORD. And Hilkiah delivered the book to Shaphan.
2 Chronicles 34:16	And Shaphan carried the book to the king, and brought the king word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy servants, they do [it].
2 Chronicles 34:17	And they have gathered together the money that was found in the house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, and to the hand of the workmen.
2 Chronicles 34:18	Then Shaphan the scribe told the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest hath given me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.
2 Chronicles 34:19	And it came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the law, that he rent his clothes.
2 Chronicles 34:20	And the king commanded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king’s, saying,
2 Chronicles 34:21	Go, inquire of the LORD for me, and for them that are left in Israel and in Judah, concerning the words of the book that is found: for great [is] the wrath of the LORD that is poured out upon us, because our fathers have not kept the word of the LORD, to do after all that is written in this book.
2 Chronicles 34:22	And Hilkiah, and [they] that the king [had appointed], went to Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath, the son of Hasrah, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college:) and they spake to her to that [effect].
2 Chronicles 34:23	And she answered them, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, Tell ye the man that sent you to me,
2 Chronicles 34:24	Thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, [even] all the curses that are written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah:
2 Chronicles 34:25	Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be poured out upon this place, and shall not be quenched.
2 Chronicles 34:26	And as for the king of Judah, who sent you to inquire of the LORD, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel [concerning] the words which thou hast heard;
2 Chronicles 34:27	Because thine heart was tender, and thou didst humble thyself before God, when thou heardest his words against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard [thee] also, saith the LORD.
2 Chronicles 34:28	Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered to thy grave in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same. So they brought the king word again.
2 Chronicles 34:29	Then the king sent and gathered together all the elders of Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 34:30	And the king went up into the house of the LORD, and all the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 34:31	And the king stood in his place, and made a covenant before the LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments, and his testimonies, and his statutes, with all his heart, and with all his soul, to perform the words of the covenant which are written in this book.
2 Chronicles 34:32	And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand [to it]. And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of God, the God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 34:33	And Josiah took away all the abominations out of all the countries that [pertained] to the children of Israel, and made all that were present in Israel to serve, [even] to serve the LORD their God. [And] all his days they departed not from following the LORD, the God of their fathers.
2 Chronicles 35:1	Moreover Josiah kept a passover unto the LORD in Jerusalem: and they killed the passover on the fourteenth [day] of the first month.
2 Chronicles 35:2	And he set the priests in their charges, and encouraged them to the service of the house of the LORD,
2 Chronicles 35:3	And said unto the Levites that taught all Israel, which were holy unto the LORD, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel did build; [it shall] not [be] a burden upon [your] shoulders: serve now the LORD your God, and his people Israel,
2 Chronicles 35:4	And prepare [yourselves] by the houses of your fathers, after your courses, according to the writing of David king of Israel, and according to the writing of Solomon his son.
2 Chronicles 35:5	And stand in the holy [place] according to the divisions of the families of the fathers of your brethren the people, and [after] the division of the families of the Levites.
2 Chronicles 35:6	So kill the passover, and sanctify yourselves, and prepare your brethren, that [they] may do according to the word of the LORD by the hand of Moses.
2 Chronicles 35:7	And Josiah gave to the people, of the flock, lambs and kids, all for the passover offerings, for all that were present, to the number of thirty thousand, and three thousand bullocks: these [were] of the king’s substance.
2 Chronicles 35:8	And his princes gave willingly unto the people, to the priests, and to the Levites: Hilkiah and Zechariah and Jehiel, rulers of the house of God, gave unto the priests for the passover offerings two thousand and six hundred [small cattle], and three hundred oxen.
2 Chronicles 35:9	Conaniah also, and Shemaiah and Nethaneel, his brethren, and Hashabiah and Jeiel and Jozabad, chief of the Levites, gave unto the Levites for passover offerings five thousand [small cattle], and five hundred oxen.
2 Chronicles 35:10	So the service was prepared, and the priests stood in their place, and the Levites in their courses, according to the king’s commandment.
2 Chronicles 35:11	And they killed the passover, and the priests sprinkled [the blood] from their hands, and the Levites flayed [them].
2 Chronicles 35:12	And they removed the burnt offerings, that they might give according to the divisions of the families of the people, to offer unto the LORD, as [it is] written in the book of Moses. And so [did they] with the oxen.
2 Chronicles 35:13	And they roasted the passover with fire according to the ordinance: but the [other] holy [offerings] sod they in pots, and in caldrons, and in pans, and divided [them] speedily among all the people.
2 Chronicles 35:14	And afterward they made ready for themselves, and for the priests: because the priests the sons of Aaron [were busied] in offering of burnt offerings and the fat until night; therefore the Levites prepared for themselves, and for the priests the sons of Aaron.
2 Chronicles 35:15	And the singers the sons of Asaph [were] in their place, according to the commandment of David, and Asaph, and Heman, and Jeduthun the king’s seer; and the porters [waited] at every gate; they might not depart from their service; for their brethren the Levites prepared for them.
2 Chronicles 35:16	So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day, to keep the passover, and to offer burnt offerings upon the altar of the LORD, according to the commandment of king Josiah.
2 Chronicles 35:17	And the children of Israel that were present kept the passover at that time, and the feast of unleavened bread seven days.
2 Chronicles 35:18	And there was no passover like to that kept in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither did all the kings of Israel keep such a passover as Josiah kept, and the priests, and the Levites, and all Judah and Israel that were present, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 35:19	In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept.
2 Chronicles 35:20	After all this, when Josiah had prepared the temple, Necho king of Egypt came up to fight against Carchemish by Euphrates: and Josiah went out against him.
2 Chronicles 35:21	But he sent ambassadors to him, saying, What have I to do with thee, thou king of Judah? [I come] not against thee this day, but against the house wherewith I have war: for God commanded me to make haste: forbear thee from [meddling with] God, who [is] with me, that he destroy thee not.
2 Chronicles 35:22	Nevertheless Josiah would not turn his face from him, but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and hearkened not unto the words of Necho from the mouth of God, and came to fight in the valley of Megiddo.
2 Chronicles 35:23	And the archers shot at king Josiah; and the king said to his servants, Have me away; for I am sore wounded.
2 Chronicles 35:24	His servants therefore took him out of that chariot, and put him in the second chariot that he had; and they brought him to Jerusalem, and he died, and was buried in [one of] the sepulchres of his fathers. And all Judah and Jerusalem mourned for Josiah.
2 Chronicles 35:25	And Jeremiah lamented for Josiah: and all the singing men and the singing women spake of Josiah in their lamentations to this day, and made them an ordinance in Israel: and, behold, they [are] written in the lamentations.
2 Chronicles 35:26	Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and his goodness, according to [that which was] written in the law of the LORD,
2 Chronicles 35:27	And his deeds, first and last, behold, they [are] written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah.
2 Chronicles 36:1	Then the people of the land took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and made him king in his father’s stead in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:2	Jehoahaz [was] twenty and three years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:3	And the king of Egypt put him down at Jerusalem, and condemned the land in an hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold.
2 Chronicles 36:4	And the king of Egypt made Eliakim his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim. And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt.
2 Chronicles 36:5	Jehoiakim [was] twenty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD his God.
2 Chronicles 36:6	Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 36:7	Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of the LORD to Babylon, and put them in his temple at Babylon.
2 Chronicles 36:8	Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they [are] written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.
2 Chronicles 36:9	Jehoiachin [was] eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 36:10	And when the year was expired, king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of the LORD, and made Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:11	Zedekiah [was] one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:12	And he did [that which was] evil in the sight of the LORD his God, [and] humbled not himself before Jeremiah the prophet [speaking] from the mouth of the LORD.
2 Chronicles 36:13	And he also rebelled against king Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by God: but he stiffened his neck, and hardened his heart from turning unto the LORD God of Israel.
2 Chronicles 36:14	Moreover all the chief of the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations of the heathen; and polluted the house of the LORD which he had hallowed in Jerusalem.
2 Chronicles 36:15	And the LORD God of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his dwelling place:
2 Chronicles 36:16	But they mocked the messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets, until the wrath of the LORD arose against his people, till [there was] no remedy.
2 Chronicles 36:17	Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no compassion upon young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he gave [them] all into his hand.
2 Chronicles 36:18	And all the vessels of the house of God, great and small, and the treasures of the house of the LORD, and the treasures of the king, and of his princes; all [these] he brought to Babylon.
2 Chronicles 36:19	And they burnt the house of God, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.
2 Chronicles 36:20	And them that had escaped from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:
2 Chronicles 36:21	To fulfil the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: [for] as long as she lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years.
2 Chronicles 36:22	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD [spoken] by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and [put it] also in writing, saying,
2 Chronicles 36:23	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, All the kingdoms of the earth hath the LORD God of heaven given me; and he hath charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem, which [is] in Judah. Who [is there] among you of all his people? The LORD his God [be] with him, and let him go up.
Ezra 1:1	Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of the LORD by the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, the LORD stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and [put it] also in writing, saying,
Ezra 1:2	Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The LORD God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem, which [is] in Judah.
Ezra 1:3	Who [is there] among you of all his people? his God be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which [is] in Judah, and build the house of the LORD God of Israel, (he [is] the God,) which [is] in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:4	And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that [is] in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:5	Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with all [them] whose spirit God had raised, to go up to build the house of the LORD which [is] in Jerusalem.
Ezra 1:6	And all they that [were] about them strengthened their hands with vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious things, beside all [that] was willingly offered.
Ezra 1:7	Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the LORD, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem, and had put them in the house of his gods;
Ezra 1:8	Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar, the prince of Judah.
Ezra 1:9	And this [is] the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,
Ezra 1:10	Thirty basons of gold, silver basons of a second [sort] four hundred and ten, [and] other vessels a thousand.
Ezra 1:11	All the vessels of gold and of silver [were] five thousand and four hundred. All [these] did Sheshbazzar bring up with [them of] the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto Jerusalem.
Ezra 2:1	Now these [are] the children of the province that went up out of the captivity, of those which had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away unto Babylon, and came again unto Jerusalem and Judah, every one unto his city;
Ezra 2:2	Which came with Zerubbabel: Jeshua, Nehemiah, Seraiah, Reelaiah, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispar, Bigvai, Rehum, Baanah. The number of the men of the people of Israel:
Ezra 2:3	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Ezra 2:4	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
Ezra 2:5	The children of Arah, seven hundred seventy and five.
Ezra 2:6	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua [and] Joab, two thousand eight hundred and twelve.
Ezra 2:7	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:8	The children of Zattu, nine hundred forty and five.
Ezra 2:9	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.
Ezra 2:10	The children of Bani, six hundred forty and two.
Ezra 2:11	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:12	The children of Azgad, a thousand two hundred twenty and two.
Ezra 2:13	The children of Adonikam, six hundred sixty and six.
Ezra 2:14	The children of Bigvai, two thousand fifty and six.
Ezra 2:15	The children of Adin, four hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:16	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
Ezra 2:17	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:18	The children of Jorah, an hundred and twelve.
Ezra 2:19	The children of Hashum, two hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:20	The children of Gibbar, ninety and five.
Ezra 2:21	The children of Bethlehem, an hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:22	The men of Netophah, fifty and six.
Ezra 2:23	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
Ezra 2:24	The children of Azmaveth, forty and two.
Ezra 2:25	The children of Kirjatharim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred and forty and three.
Ezra 2:26	The children of Ramah and Geba, six hundred twenty and one.
Ezra 2:27	The men of Michmas, an hundred twenty and two.
Ezra 2:28	The men of Bethel and Ai, two hundred twenty and three.
Ezra 2:29	The children of Nebo, fifty and two.
Ezra 2:30	The children of Magbish, an hundred fifty and six.
Ezra 2:31	The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Ezra 2:32	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
Ezra 2:33	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and five.
Ezra 2:34	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
Ezra 2:35	The children of Senaah, three thousand and six hundred and thirty.
Ezra 2:36	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.
Ezra 2:37	The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two.
Ezra 2:38	The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.
Ezra 2:39	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.
Ezra 2:40	The Levites: the children of Jeshua and Kadmiel, of the children of Hodaviah, seventy and four.
Ezra 2:41	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred twenty and eight.
Ezra 2:42	The children of the porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, [in] all an hundred thirty and nine.
Ezra 2:43	The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hasupha, the children of Tabbaoth,
Ezra 2:44	The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,
Ezra 2:45	The children of Lebanah, the children of Hagabah, the children of Akkub,
Ezra 2:46	The children of Hagab, the children of Shalmai, the children of Hanan,
Ezra 2:47	The children of Giddel, the children of Gahar, the children of Reaiah,
Ezra 2:48	The children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda, the children of Gazzam,
Ezra 2:49	The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the children of Besai,
Ezra 2:50	The children of Asnah, the children of Mehunim, the children of Nephusim,
Ezra 2:51	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
Ezra 2:52	The children of Bazluth, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
Ezra 2:53	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Thamah,
Ezra 2:54	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
Ezra 2:55	The children of Solomon’s servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Peruda,
Ezra 2:56	The children of Jaalah, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
Ezra 2:57	The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Ami.
Ezra 2:58	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon’s servants, [were] three hundred ninety and two.
Ezra 2:59	And these [were] they which went up from Telmelah, Telharsa, Cherub, Addan, [and] Immer: but they could not shew their father’s house, and their seed, whether they [were] of Israel:
Ezra 2:60	The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred fifty and two.
Ezra 2:61	And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite, and was called after their name:
Ezra 2:62	These sought their register [among] those that were reckoned by genealogy, but they were not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.
Ezra 2:63	And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and with Thummim.
Ezra 2:64	The whole congregation together [was] forty and two thousand three hundred [and] threescore,
Ezra 2:65	Beside their servants and their maids, of whom [there were] seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and [there were] among them two hundred singing men and singing women.
Ezra 2:66	Their horses [were] seven hundred thirty and six; their mules, two hundred forty and five;
Ezra 2:67	Their camels, four hundred thirty and five; [their] asses, six thousand seven hundred and twenty.
Ezra 2:68	And [some] of the chief of the fathers, when they came to the house of the LORD which [is] at Jerusalem, offered freely for the house of God to set it up in his place:
Ezra 2:69	They gave after their ability unto the treasure of the work threescore and one thousand drams of gold, and five thousand pound of silver, and one hundred priests’ garments.
Ezra 2:70	So the priests, and the Levites, and [some] of the people, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, dwelt in their cities, and all Israel in their cities.
Ezra 3:1	And when the seventh month was come, and the children of Israel [were] in the cities, the people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem.
Ezra 3:2	Then stood up Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brethren, and builded the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as [it is] written in the law of Moses the man of God.
Ezra 3:3	And they set the altar upon his bases; for fear [was] upon them because of the people of those countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto the LORD, [even] burnt offerings morning and evening.
Ezra 3:4	They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as [it is] written, and [offered] the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as the duty of every day required;
Ezra 3:5	And afterward [offered] the continual burnt offering, both of the new moons, and of all the set feasts of the LORD that were consecrated, and of every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto the LORD.
Ezra 3:6	From the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto the LORD. But the foundation of the temple of the LORD was not [yet] laid.
Ezra 3:7	They gave money also unto the masons, and to the carpenters; and meat, and drink, and oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia.
Ezra 3:8	Now in the second year of their coming unto the house of God at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren the priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity unto Jerusalem; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set forward the work of the house of the LORD.
Ezra 3:9	Then stood Jeshua [with] his sons and his brethren, Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen in the house of God: the sons of Henadad, [with] their sons and their brethren the Levites.
Ezra 3:10	And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of the LORD, they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites the sons of Asaph with cymbals, to praise the LORD, after the ordinance of David king of Israel.
Ezra 3:11	And they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto the LORD; because [he is] good, for his mercy [endureth] for ever toward Israel. And all the people shouted with a great shout, when they praised the LORD, because the foundation of the house of the LORD was laid.
Ezra 3:12	But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the fathers, [who were] ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice; and many shouted aloud for joy:
Ezra 3:13	So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people: for the people shouted with a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off.
Ezra 4:1	Now when the adversaries of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity builded the temple unto the LORD God of Israel;
Ezra 4:2	Then they came to Zerubbabel, and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, Let us build with you: for we seek your God, as ye [do]; and we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esarhaddon king of Assur, which brought us up hither.
Ezra 4:3	But Zerubbabel, and Jeshua, and the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, Ye have nothing to do with us to build an house unto our God; but we ourselves together will build unto the LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath commanded us.
Ezra 4:4	Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah, and troubled them in building,
Ezra 4:5	And hired counsellers against them, to frustrate their purpose, all the days of Cyrus king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius king of Persia.
Ezra 4:6	And in the reign of Ahasuerus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they [unto him] an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem.
Ezra 4:7	And in the days of Artaxerxes wrote Bishlam, Mithredath, Tabeel, and the rest of their companions, unto Artaxerxes king of Persia; and the writing of the letter [was] written in the Syrian tongue, and interpreted in the Syrian tongue.
Ezra 4:8	Rehum the chancellor and Shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against Jerusalem to Artaxerxes the king in this sort:
Ezra 4:9	Then [wrote] Rehum the chancellor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions; the Dinaites, the Apharsathchites, the Tarpelites, the Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites, the Dehavites, [and] the Elamites,
Ezra 4:10	And the rest of the nations whom the great and noble Asnappar brought over, and set in the cities of Samaria, and the rest [that are] on this side the river, and at such a time.
Ezra 4:11	This [is] the copy of the letter that they sent unto him, [even] unto Artaxerxes the king; Thy servants the men on this side the river, and at such a time.
Ezra 4:12	Be it known unto the king, that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls [thereof], and joined the foundations.
Ezra 4:13	Be it known now unto the king, that, if this city be builded, and the walls set up [again, then] will they not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and [so] thou shalt endamage the revenue of the kings.
Ezra 4:14	Now because we have maintenance from [the king’s] palace, and it was not meet for us to see the king’s dishonour, therefore have we sent and certified the king;
Ezra 4:15	That search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers: so shalt thou find in the book of the records, and know that this city [is] a rebellious city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time: for which cause was this city destroyed.
Ezra 4:16	We certify the king that, if this city be builded [again], and the walls thereof set up, by this means thou shalt have no portion on this side the river.
Ezra 4:17	[Then] sent the king an answer unto Rehum the chancellor, and [to] Shimshai the scribe, and [to] the rest of their companions that dwell in Samaria, and [unto] the rest beyond the river, Peace, and at such a time.
Ezra 4:18	The letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me.
Ezra 4:19	And I commanded, and search hath been made, and it is found that this city of old time hath made insurrection against kings, and [that] rebellion and sedition have been made therein.
Ezra 4:20	There have been mighty kings also over Jerusalem, which have ruled over all [countries] beyond the river; and toll, tribute, and custom, was paid unto them.
Ezra 4:21	Give ye now commandment to cause these men to cease, and that this city be not builded, until [another] commandment shall be given from me.
Ezra 4:22	Take heed now that ye fail not to do this: why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings?
Ezra 4:23	Now when the copy of king Artaxerxes’ letter [was] read before Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, and their companions, they went up in haste to Jerusalem unto the Jews, and made them to cease by force and power.
Ezra 4:24	Then ceased the work of the house of God which [is] at Jerusalem. So it ceased unto the second year of the reign of Darius king of Persia.
Ezra 5:1	Then the prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto the Jews that [were] in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the God of Israel, [even] unto them.
Ezra 5:2	Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which [is] at Jerusalem: and with them [were] the prophets of God helping them.
Ezra 5:3	At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai, and their companions, and said thus unto them, Who hath commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall?
Ezra 5:4	Then said we unto them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this building?
Ezra 5:5	But the eye of their God was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius: and then they returned answer by letter concerning this [matter].
Ezra 5:6	The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on this side the river, and Shetharboznai, and his companions the Apharsachites, which [were] on this side the river, sent unto Darius the king:
Ezra 5:7	They sent a letter unto him, wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace.
Ezra 5:8	Be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on, and prospereth in their hands.
Ezra 5:9	Then asked we those elders, [and] said unto them thus, Who commanded you to build this house, and to make up these walls?
Ezra 5:10	We asked their names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that [were] the chief of them.
Ezra 5:11	And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up.
Ezra 5:12	But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and carried the people away into Babylon.
Ezra 5:13	But in the first year of Cyrus the king of Babylon [the same] king Cyrus made a decree to build this house of God.
Ezra 5:14	And the vessels also of gold and silver of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the temple that [was] in Jerusalem, and brought them into the temple of Babylon, those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple of Babylon, and they were delivered unto [one], whose name [was] Sheshbazzar, whom he had made governor;
Ezra 5:15	And said unto him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that [is] in Jerusalem, and let the house of God be builded in his place.
Ezra 5:16	Then came the same Sheshbazzar, [and] laid the foundation of the house of God which [is] in Jerusalem: and since that time even until now hath it been in building, and [yet] it is not finished.
Ezra 5:17	Now therefore, if [it seem] good to the king, let there be search made in the king’s treasure house, which [is] there at Babylon, whether it be [so], that a decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.
Ezra 6:1	Then Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls, where the treasures were laid up in Babylon.
Ezra 6:2	And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace that [is] in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein [was] a record thus written:
Ezra 6:3	In the first year of Cyrus the king [the same] Cyrus the king made a decree [concerning] the house of God at Jerusalem, Let the house be builded, the place where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid; the height thereof threescore cubits, [and] the breadth thereof threescore cubits;
Ezra 6:4	[With] three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber: and let the expences be given out of the king’s house:
Ezra 6:5	And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which [is] at Jerusalem, and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which [is] at Jerusalem, [every one] to his place, and place [them] in the house of God.
Ezra 6:6	Now [therefore], Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shetharboznai, and your companions the Apharsachites, which [are] beyond the river, be ye far from thence:
Ezra 6:7	Let the work of this house of God alone; let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God in his place.
Ezra 6:8	Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of God: that of the king’s goods, [even] of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith expences be given unto these men, that they be not hindered.
Ezra 6:9	And that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which [are] at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without fail:
Ezra 6:10	That they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the God of heaven, and pray for the life of the king, and of his sons.
Ezra 6:11	Also I have made a decree, that whosoever shall alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house, and being set up, let him be hanged thereon; and let his house be made a dunghill for this.
Ezra 6:12	And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people, that shall put to their hand to alter [and] to destroy this house of God which [is] at Jerusalem. I Darius have made a decree; let it be done with speed.
Ezra 6:13	Then Tatnai, governor on this side the river, Shetharboznai, and their companions, according to that which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily.
Ezra 6:14	And the elders of the Jews builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they builded, and finished [it], according to the commandment of the God of Israel, and according to the commandment of Cyrus, and Darius, and Artaxerxes king of Persia.
Ezra 6:15	And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king.
Ezra 6:16	And the children of Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the rest of the children of the captivity, kept the dedication of this house of God with joy,
Ezra 6:17	And offered at the dedication of this house of God an hundred bullocks, two hundred rams, four hundred lambs; and for a sin offering for all Israel, twelve he goats, according to the number of the tribes of Israel.
Ezra 6:18	And they set the priests in their divisions, and the Levites in their courses, for the service of God, which [is] at Jerusalem; as it is written in the book of Moses.
Ezra 6:19	And the children of the captivity kept the passover upon the fourteenth [day] of the first month.
Ezra 6:20	For the priests and the Levites were purified together, all of them [were] pure, and killed the passover for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priests, and for themselves.
Ezra 6:21	And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen of the land, to seek the LORD God of Israel, did eat,
Ezra 6:22	And kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy: for the LORD had made them joyful, and turned the heart of the king of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God, the God of Israel.
Ezra 7:1	Now after these things, in the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia, Ezra the son of Seraiah, the son of Azariah, the son of Hilkiah,
Ezra 7:2	The son of Shallum, the son of Zadok, the son of Ahitub,
Ezra 7:3	The son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,
Ezra 7:4	The son of Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,
Ezra 7:5	The son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest:
Ezra 7:6	This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he [was] a ready scribe in the law of Moses, which the LORD God of Israel had given: and the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of the LORD his God upon him.
Ezra 7:7	And there went up [some] of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem, in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king.
Ezra 7:8	And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month, which [was] in the seventh year of the king.
Ezra 7:9	For upon the first [day] of the first month began he to go up from Babylon, and on the first [day] of the fifth month came he to Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his God upon him.
Ezra 7:10	For Ezra had prepared his heart to seek the law of the LORD, and to do [it], and to teach in Israel statutes and judgments.
Ezra 7:11	Now this [is] the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra the priest, the scribe, [even] a scribe of the words of the commandments of the LORD, and of his statutes to Israel.
Ezra 7:12	Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of the law of the God of heaven, perfect [peace], and at such a time.
Ezra 7:13	I make a decree, that all they of the people of Israel, and [of] his priests and Levites, in my realm, which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem, go with thee.
Ezra 7:14	Forasmuch as thou art sent of the king, and of his seven counsellers, to inquire concerning Judah and Jerusalem, according to the law of thy God which [is] in thine hand;
Ezra 7:15	And to carry the silver and gold, which the king and his counsellers have freely offered unto the God of Israel, whose habitation [is] in Jerusalem,
Ezra 7:16	And all the silver and gold that thou canst find in all the province of Babylon, with the freewill offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of their God which [is] in Jerusalem:
Ezra 7:17	That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks, rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer them upon the altar of the house of your God which [is] in Jerusalem.
Ezra 7:18	And whatsoever shall seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and the gold, that do after the will of your God.
Ezra 7:19	The vessels also that are given thee for the service of the house of thy God, [those] deliver thou before the God of Jerusalem.
Ezra 7:20	And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow [it] out of the king’s treasure house.
Ezra 7:21	And I, [even] I Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which [are] beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the God of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily,
Ezra 7:22	Unto an hundred talents of silver, and to an hundred measures of wheat, and to an hundred baths of wine, and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without prescribing [how much].
Ezra 7:23	Whatsoever is commanded by the God of heaven, let it be diligently done for the house of the God of heaven: for why should there be wrath against the realm of the king and his sons?
Ezra 7:24	Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites, singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of God, it shall not be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, upon them.
Ezra 7:25	And thou, Ezra, after the wisdom of thy God, that [is] in thine hand, set magistrates and judges, which may judge all the people that [are] beyond the river, all such as know the laws of thy God; and teach ye them that know [them] not.
Ezra 7:26	And whosoever will not do the law of thy God, and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily upon him, whether [it be] unto death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods, or to imprisonment.
Ezra 7:27	Blessed [be] the LORD God of our fathers, which hath put [such a thing] as this in the king’s heart, to beautify the house of the LORD which [is] in Jerusalem:
Ezra 7:28	And hath extended mercy unto me before the king, and his counsellers, and before all the king’s mighty princes. And I was strengthened as the hand of the LORD my God [was] upon me, and I gathered together out of Israel chief men to go up with me.
Ezra 8:1	These [are] now the chief of their fathers, and [this is] the genealogy of them that went up with me from Babylon, in the reign of Artaxerxes the king.
Ezra 8:2	Of the sons of Phinehas; Gershom: of the sons of Ithamar; Daniel: of the sons of David; Hattush.
Ezra 8:3	Of the sons of Shechaniah, of the sons of Pharosh; Zechariah: and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males an hundred and fifty.
Ezra 8:4	Of the sons of Pahathmoab; Elihoenai the son of Zerahiah, and with him two hundred males.
Ezra 8:5	Of the sons of Shechaniah; the son of Jahaziel, and with him three hundred males.
Ezra 8:6	Of the sons also of Adin; Ebed the son of Jonathan, and with him fifty males.
Ezra 8:7	And of the sons of Elam; Jeshaiah the son of Athaliah, and with him seventy males.
Ezra 8:8	And of the sons of Shephatiah; Zebadiah the son of Michael, and with him fourscore males.
Ezra 8:9	Of the sons of Joab; Obadiah the son of Jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighteen males.
Ezra 8:10	And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males.
Ezra 8:11	And of the sons of Bebai; Zechariah the son of Bebai, and with him twenty and eight males.
Ezra 8:12	And of the sons of Azgad; Johanan the son of Hakkatan, and with him an hundred and ten males.
Ezra 8:13	And of the last sons of Adonikam, whose names [are] these, Eliphelet, Jeiel, and Shemaiah, and with them threescore males.
Ezra 8:14	Of the sons also of Bigvai; Uthai, and Zabbud, and with them seventy males.
Ezra 8:15	And I gathered them together to the river that runneth to Ahava; and there abode we in tents three days: and I viewed the people, and the priests, and found there none of the sons of Levi.
Ezra 8:16	Then sent I for Eliezer, for Ariel, for Shemaiah, and for Elnathan, and for Jarib, and for Elnathan, and for Nathan, and for Zechariah, and for Meshullam, chief men; also for Joiarib, and for Elnathan, men of understanding.
Ezra 8:17	And I sent them with commandment unto Iddo the chief at the place Casiphia, and I told them what they should say unto Iddo, [and] to his brethren the Nethinims, at the place Casiphia, that they should bring unto us ministers for the house of our God.
Ezra 8:18	And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of understanding, of the sons of Mahli, the son of Levi, the son of Israel; and Sherebiah, with his sons and his brethren, eighteen;
Ezra 8:19	And Hashabiah, and with him Jeshaiah of the sons of Merari, his brethren and their sons, twenty;
Ezra 8:20	Also of the Nethinims, whom David and the princes had appointed for the service of the Levites, two hundred and twenty Nethinims: all of them were expressed by name.
Ezra 8:21	Then I proclaimed a fast there, at the river of Ahava, that we might afflict ourselves before our God, to seek of him a right way for us, and for our little ones, and for all our substance.
Ezra 8:22	For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God [is] upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath [is] against all them that forsake him.
Ezra 8:23	So we fasted and besought our God for this: and he was intreated of us.
Ezra 8:24	Then I separated twelve of the chief of the priests, Sherebiah, Hashabiah, and ten of their brethren with them,
Ezra 8:25	And weighed unto them the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, [even] the offering of the house of our God, which the king, and his counsellers, and his lords, and all Israel [there] present, had offered:
Ezra 8:26	I even weighed unto their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver, and silver vessels an hundred talents, [and] of gold an hundred talents;
Ezra 8:27	Also twenty basons of gold, of a thousand drams; and two vessels of fine copper, precious as gold.
Ezra 8:28	And I said unto them, Ye [are] holy unto the LORD; the vessels [are] holy also; and the silver and the gold [are] a freewill offering unto the LORD God of your fathers.
Ezra 8:29	Watch ye, and keep [them], until ye weigh [them] before the chief of the priests and the Levites, and chief of the fathers of Israel, at Jerusalem, in the chambers of the house of the LORD.
Ezra 8:30	So took the priests and the Levites the weight of the silver, and the gold, and the vessels, to bring [them] to Jerusalem unto the house of our God.
Ezra 8:31	Then we departed from the river of Ahava on the twelfth [day] of the first month, to go unto Jerusalem: and the hand of our God was upon us, and he delivered us from the hand of the enemy, and of such as lay in wait by the way.
Ezra 8:32	And we came to Jerusalem, and abode there three days.
Ezra 8:33	Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels weighed in the house of our God by the hand of Meremoth the son of Uriah the priest; and with him [was] Eleazar the son of Phinehas; and with them [was] Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noadiah the son of Binnui, Levites;
Ezra 8:34	By number [and] by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time.
Ezra 8:35	[Also] the children of those that had been carried away, which were come out of the captivity, offered burnt offerings unto the God of Israel, twelve bullocks for all Israel, ninety and six rams, seventy and seven lambs, twelve he goats [for] a sin offering: all [this was] a burnt offering unto the LORD.
Ezra 8:36	And they delivered the king’s commissions unto the king’s lieutenants, and to the governors on this side the river: and they furthered the people, and the house of God.
Ezra 9:1	Now when these things were done, the princes came to me, saying, The people of Israel, and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated themselves from the people of the lands, [doing] according to their abominations, [even] of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the Egyptians, and the Amorites.
Ezra 9:2	For they have taken of their daughters for themselves, and for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of [those] lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass.
Ezra 9:3	And when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied.
Ezra 9:4	Then were assembled unto me every one that trembled at the words of the God of Israel, because of the transgression of those that had been carried away; and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice.
Ezra 9:5	And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having rent my garment and my mantle, I fell upon my knees, and spread out my hands unto the LORD my God,
Ezra 9:6	And said, O my God, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to thee, my God: for our iniquities are increased over [our] head, and our trespass is grown up unto the heavens.
Ezra 9:7	Since the days of our fathers [have] we [been] in a great trespass unto this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, [and] our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the sword, to captivity, and to a spoil, and to confusion of face, as [it is] this day.
Ezra 9:8	And now for a little space grace hath been [shewed] from the LORD our God, to leave us a remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our God may lighten our eyes, and give us a little reviving in our bondage.
Ezra 9:9	For we [were] bondmen; yet our God hath not forsaken us in our bondage, but hath extended mercy unto us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem.
Ezra 9:10	And now, O our God, what shall we say after this? for we have forsaken thy commandments,
Ezra 9:11	Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness.
Ezra 9:12	Now therefore give not your daughters unto their sons, neither take their daughters unto your sons, nor seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that ye may be strong, and eat the good of the land, and leave [it] for an inheritance to your children for ever.
Ezra 9:13	And after all that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing that thou our God hast punished us less than our iniquities [deserve], and hast given us [such] deliverance as this;
Ezra 9:14	Should we again break thy commandments, and join in affinity with the people of these abominations? wouldest not thou be angry with us till thou hadst consumed [us], so that [there should be] no remnant nor escaping?
Ezra 9:15	O LORD God of Israel, thou [art] righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as [it is] this day: behold, we [are] before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot stand before thee because of this.
Ezra 10:1	Now when Ezra had prayed, and when he had confessed, weeping and casting himself down before the house of God, there assembled unto him out of Israel a very great congregation of men and women and children: for the people wept very sore.
Ezra 10:2	And Shechaniah the son of Jehiel, [one] of the sons of Elam, answered and said unto Ezra, We have trespassed against our God, and have taken strange wives of the people of the land: yet now there is hope in Israel concerning this thing.
Ezra 10:3	Now therefore let us make a covenant with our God to put away all the wives, and such as are born of them, according to the counsel of my lord, and of those that tremble at the commandment of our God; and let it be done according to the law.
Ezra 10:4	Arise; for [this] matter [belongeth] unto thee: we also [will be] with thee: be of good courage, and do [it].
Ezra 10:5	Then arose Ezra, and made the chief priests, the Levites, and all Israel, to swear that they should do according to this word. And they sware.
Ezra 10:6	Then Ezra rose up from before the house of God, and went into the chamber of Johanan the son of Eliashib: and [when] he came thither, he did eat no bread, nor drink water: for he mourned because of the transgression of them that had been carried away.
Ezra 10:7	And they made proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem unto all the children of the captivity, that they should gather themselves together unto Jerusalem;
Ezra 10:8	And that whosoever would not come within three days, according to the counsel of the princes and the elders, all his substance should be forfeited, and himself separated from the congregation of those that had been carried away.
Ezra 10:9	Then all the men of Judah and Benjamin gathered themselves together unto Jerusalem within three days. It [was] the ninth month, on the twentieth [day] of the month; and all the people sat in the street of the house of God, trembling because of [this] matter, and for the great rain.
Ezra 10:10	And Ezra the priest stood up, and said unto them, Ye have transgressed, and have taken strange wives, to increase the trespass of Israel.
Ezra 10:11	Now therefore make confession unto the LORD God of your fathers, and do his pleasure: and separate yourselves from the people of the land, and from the strange wives.
Ezra 10:12	Then all the congregation answered and said with a loud voice, As thou hast said, so must we do.
Ezra 10:13	But the people [are] many, and [it is] a time of much rain, and we are not able to stand without, neither [is this] a work of one day or two: for we are many that have transgressed in this thing.
Ezra 10:14	Let now our rulers of all the congregation stand, and let all them which have taken strange wives in our cities come at appointed times, and with them the elders of every city, and the judges thereof, until the fierce wrath of our God for this matter be turned from us.
Ezra 10:15	Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this [matter]: and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them.
Ezra 10:16	And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest, [with] certain chief of the fathers, after the house of their fathers, and all of them by [their] names, were separated, and sat down in the first day of the tenth month to examine the matter.
Ezra 10:17	And they made an end with all the men that had taken strange wives by the first day of the first month.
Ezra 10:18	And among the sons of the priests there were found that had taken strange wives: [namely], of the sons of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brethren; Maaseiah, and Eliezer, and Jarib, and Gedaliah.
Ezra 10:19	And they gave their hands that they would put away their wives; and [being] guilty, [they offered] a ram of the flock for their trespass.
Ezra 10:20	And of the sons of Immer; Hanani, and Zebadiah.
Ezra 10:21	And of the sons of Harim; Maaseiah, and Elijah, and Shemaiah, and Jehiel, and Uzziah.
Ezra 10:22	And of the sons of Pashur; Elioenai, Maaseiah, Ishmael, Nethaneel, Jozabad, and Elasah.
Ezra 10:23	Also of the Levites; Jozabad, and Shimei, and Kelaiah, (the same [is] Kelita,) Pethahiah, Judah, and Eliezer.
Ezra 10:24	Of the singers also; Eliashib: and of the porters; Shallum, and Telem, and Uri.
Ezra 10:25	Moreover of Israel: of the sons of Parosh; Ramiah, and Jeziah, and Malchiah, and Miamin, and Eleazar, and Malchijah, and Benaiah.
Ezra 10:26	And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and Jeremoth, and Eliah.
Ezra 10:27	And of the sons of Zattu; Elioenai, Eliashib, Mattaniah, and Jeremoth, and Zabad, and Aziza.
Ezra 10:28	Of the sons also of Bebai; Jehohanan, Hananiah, Zabbai, [and] Athlai.
Ezra 10:29	And of the sons of Bani; Meshullam, Malluch, and Adaiah, Jashub, and Sheal, and Ramoth.
Ezra 10:30	And of the sons of Pahathmoab; Adna, and Chelal, Benaiah, Maaseiah, Mattaniah, Bezaleel, and Binnui, and Manasseh.
Ezra 10:31	And [of] the sons of Harim; Eliezer, Ishijah, Malchiah, Shemaiah, Shimeon,
Ezra 10:32	Benjamin, Malluch, [and] Shemariah.
Ezra 10:33	Of the sons of Hashum; Mattenai, Mattathah, Zabad, Eliphelet, Jeremai, Manasseh, [and] Shimei.
Ezra 10:34	Of the sons of Bani; Maadai, Amram, and Uel,
Ezra 10:35	Benaiah, Bedeiah, Chelluh,
Ezra 10:36	Vaniah, Meremoth, Eliashib,
Ezra 10:37	Mattaniah, Mattenai, and Jaasau,
Ezra 10:38	And Bani, and Binnui, Shimei,
Ezra 10:39	And Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah,
Ezra 10:40	Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,
Ezra 10:41	Azareel, and Shelemiah, Shemariah,
Ezra 10:42	Shallum, Amariah, [and] Joseph.
Ezra 10:43	Of the sons of Nebo; Jeiel, Mattithiah, Zabad, Zebina, Jadau, and Joel, Benaiah.
Ezra 10:44	All these had taken strange wives: and [some] of them had wives by whom they had children.
Nehemiah 1:1	The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace,
Nehemiah 1:2	That Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and [certain] men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 1:3	And they said unto me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the province [are] in great affliction and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also [is] broken down, and the gates thereof are burned with fire.
Nehemiah 1:4	And it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned [certain] days, and fasted, and prayed before the God of heaven,
Nehemiah 1:5	And said, I beseech thee, O LORD God of heaven, the great and terrible God, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them that love him and observe his commandments:
Nehemiah 1:6	Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and my father’s house have sinned.
Nehemiah 1:7	We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst thy servant Moses.
Nehemiah 1:8	Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant Moses, saying, [If] ye transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the nations:
Nehemiah 1:9	But [if] ye turn unto me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, [yet] will I gather them from thence, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name there.
Nehemiah 1:10	Now these [are] thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great power, and by thy strong hand.
Nehemiah 1:11	O Lord, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king’s cupbearer.
Nehemiah 2:1	And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the king, [that] wine [was] before him: and I took up the wine, and gave [it] unto the king. Now I had not been [beforetime] sad in his presence.
Nehemiah 2:2	Wherefore the king said unto me, Why [is] thy countenance sad, seeing thou [art] not sick? this [is] nothing [else] but sorrow of heart. Then I was very sore afraid,
Nehemiah 2:3	And said unto the king, Let the king live for ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my fathers’ sepulchres, [lieth] waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with fire?
Nehemiah 2:4	Then the king said unto me, For what dost thou make request? So I prayed to the God of heaven.
Nehemiah 2:5	And I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found favour in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto Judah, unto the city of my fathers’ sepulchres, that I may build it.
Nehemiah 2:6	And the king said unto me, (the queen also sitting by him,) For how long shall thy journey be? and when wilt thou return? So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time.
Nehemiah 2:7	Moreover I said unto the king, If it please the king, let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river, that they may convey me over till I come into Judah;
Nehemiah 2:8	And a letter unto Asaph the keeper of the king’s forest, that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of the palace which [appertained] to the house, and for the wall of the city, and for the house that I shall enter into. And the king granted me, according to the good hand of my God upon me.
Nehemiah 2:9	Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave them the king’s letters. Now the king had sent captains of the army and horsemen with me.
Nehemiah 2:10	When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard [of it], it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the welfare of the children of Israel.
Nehemiah 2:11	So I came to Jerusalem, and was there three days.
Nehemiah 2:12	And I arose in the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I [any] man what my God had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem: neither [was there any] beast with me, save the beast that I rode upon.
Nehemiah 2:13	And I went out by night by the gate of the valley, even before the dragon well, and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of Jerusalem, which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with fire.
Nehemiah 2:14	Then I went on to the gate of the fountain, and to the king’s pool: but [there was] no place for the beast [that was] under me to pass.
Nehemiah 2:15	Then went I up in the night by the brook, and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley, and [so] returned.
Nehemiah 2:16	And the rulers knew not whither I went, or what I did; neither had I as yet told [it] to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the nobles, nor to the rulers, nor to the rest that did the work.
Nehemiah 2:17	Then said I unto them, Ye see the distress that we [are] in, how Jerusalem [lieth] waste, and the gates thereof are burned with fire: come, and let us build up the wall of Jerusalem, that we be no more a reproach.
Nehemiah 2:18	Then I told them of the hand of my God which was good upon me; as also the king’s words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let us rise up and build. So they strengthened their hands for [this] good [work].
Nehemiah 2:19	But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard [it], they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What [is] this thing that ye do? will ye rebel against the king?
Nehemiah 2:20	Then answered I them, and said unto them, The God of heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and build: but ye have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 3:1	Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel.
Nehemiah 3:2	And next unto him builded the men of Jericho. And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri.
Nehemiah 3:3	But the fish gate did the sons of Hassenaah build, who [also] laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Nehemiah 3:4	And next unto them repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them repaired Zadok the son of Baana.
Nehemiah 3:5	And next unto them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles put not their necks to the work of their Lord.
Nehemiah 3:6	Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Nehemiah 3:7	And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of Gibeon, and of Mizpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the river.
Nehemiah 3:8	Next unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of [one of] the apothecaries, and they fortified Jerusalem unto the broad wall.
Nehemiah 3:9	And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 3:10	And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph, even over against his house. And next unto him repaired Hattush the son of Hashabniah.
Nehemiah 3:11	Malchijah the son of Harim, and Hashub the son of Pahathmoab, repaired the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces.
Nehemiah 3:12	And next unto him repaired Shallum the son of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters.
Nehemiah 3:13	The valley gate repaired Hanun, and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits on the wall unto the dung gate.
Nehemiah 3:14	But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the ruler of part of Bethhaccerem; he built it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.
Nehemiah 3:15	But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun the son of Colhozeh, the ruler of part of Mizpah; he built it, and covered it, and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the wall of the pool of Siloah by the king’s garden, and unto the stairs that go down from the city of David.
Nehemiah 3:16	After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of the half part of Bethzur, unto [the place] over against the sepulchres of David, and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty.
Nehemiah 3:17	After him repaired the Levites, Rehum the son of Bani. Next unto him repaired Hashabiah, the ruler of the half part of Keilah, in his part.
Nehemiah 3:18	After him repaired their brethren, Bavai the son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah.
Nehemiah 3:19	And next to him repaired Ezer the son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to the armoury at the turning [of the wall].
Nehemiah 3:20	After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly repaired the other piece, from the turning [of the wall] unto the door of the house of Eliashib the high priest.
Nehemiah 3:21	After him repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah the son of Koz another piece, from the door of the house of Eliashib even to the end of the house of Eliashib.
Nehemiah 3:22	And after him repaired the priests, the men of the plain.
Nehemiah 3:23	After him repaired Benjamin and Hashub over against their house. After him repaired Azariah the son of Maaseiah the son of Ananiah by his house.
Nehemiah 3:24	After him repaired Binnui the son of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning [of the wall], even unto the corner.
Nehemiah 3:25	Palal the son of Uzai, over against the turning [of the wall], and the tower which lieth out from the king’s high house, that [was] by the court of the prison. After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh.
Nehemiah 3:26	Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel, unto [the place] over against the water gate toward the east, and the tower that lieth out.
Nehemiah 3:27	After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel.
Nehemiah 3:28	From above the horse gate repaired the priests, every one over against his house.
Nehemiah 3:29	After them repaired Zadok the son of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate.
Nehemiah 3:30	After him repaired Hananiah the son of Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber.
Nehemiah 3:31	After him repaired Malchiah the goldsmith’s son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner.
Nehemiah 3:32	And between the going up of the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants.
Nehemiah 4:1	But it came to pass, that when Sanballat heard that we builded the wall, he was wroth, and took great indignation, and mocked the Jews.
Nehemiah 4:2	And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria, and said, What do these feeble Jews? will they fortify themselves? will they sacrifice? will they make an end in a day? will they revive the stones out of the heaps of the rubbish which are burned?
Nehemiah 4:3	Now Tobiah the Ammonite [was] by him, and he said, Even that which they build, if a fox go up, he shall even break down their stone wall.
Nehemiah 4:4	Hear, O our God; for we are despised: and turn their reproach upon their own head, and give them for a prey in the land of captivity:
Nehemiah 4:5	And cover not their iniquity, and let not their sin be blotted out from before thee: for they have provoked [thee] to anger before the builders.
Nehemiah 4:6	So built we the wall; and all the wall was joined together unto the half thereof: for the people had a mind to work.
Nehemiah 4:7	But it came to pass, [that] when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and the Arabians, and the Ammonites, and the Ashdodites, heard that the walls of Jerusalem were made up, [and] that the breaches began to be stopped, then they were very wroth,
Nehemiah 4:8	And conspired all of them together to come [and] to fight against Jerusalem, and to hinder it.
Nehemiah 4:9	Nevertheless we made our prayer unto our God, and set a watch against them day and night, because of them.
Nehemiah 4:10	And Judah said, The strength of the bearers of burdens is decayed, and [there is] much rubbish; so that we are not able to build the wall.
Nehemiah 4:11	And our adversaries said, They shall not know, neither see, till we come in the midst among them, and slay them, and cause the work to cease.
Nehemiah 4:12	And it came to pass, that when the Jews which dwelt by them came, they said unto us ten times, From all places whence ye shall return unto us [they will be upon you].
Nehemiah 4:13	Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, [and] on the higher places, I even set the people after their families with their swords, their spears, and their bows.
Nehemiah 4:14	And I looked, and rose up, and said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, Be not ye afraid of them: remember the Lord, [which is] great and terrible, and fight for your brethren, your sons, and your daughters, your wives, and your houses.
Nehemiah 4:15	And it came to pass, when our enemies heard that it was known unto us, and God had brought their counsel to nought, that we returned all of us to the wall, every one unto his work.
Nehemiah 4:16	And it came to pass from that time forth, [that] the half of my servants wrought in the work, and the other half of them held both the spears, the shields, and the bows, and the habergeons; and the rulers [were] behind all the house of Judah.
Nehemiah 4:17	They which builded on the wall, and they that bare burdens, with those that laded, [every one] with one of his hands wrought in the work, and with the other [hand] held a weapon.
Nehemiah 4:18	For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side, and [so] builded. And he that sounded the trumpet [was] by me.
Nehemiah 4:19	And I said unto the nobles, and to the rulers, and to the rest of the people, The work [is] great and large, and we are separated upon the wall, one far from another.
Nehemiah 4:20	In what place [therefore] ye hear the sound of the trumpet, resort ye thither unto us: our God shall fight for us.
Nehemiah 4:21	So we laboured in the work: and half of them held the spears from the rising of the morning till the stars appeared.
Nehemiah 4:22	Likewise at the same time said I unto the people, Let every one with his servant lodge within Jerusalem, that in the night they may be a guard to us, and labour on the day.
Nehemiah 4:23	So neither I, nor my brethren, nor my servants, nor the men of the guard which followed me, none of us put off our clothes, [saving that] every one put them off for washing.
Nehemiah 5:1	And there was a great cry of the people and of their wives against their brethren the Jews.
Nehemiah 5:2	For there were that said, We, our sons, and our daughters, [are] many: therefore we take up corn [for them], that we may eat, and live.
Nehemiah 5:3	[Some] also there were that said, We have mortgaged our lands, vineyards, and houses, that we might buy corn, because of the dearth.
Nehemiah 5:4	There were also that said, We have borrowed money for the king’s tribute, [and that upon] our lands and vineyards.
Nehemiah 5:5	Yet now our flesh [is] as the flesh of our brethren, our children as their children: and, lo, we bring into bondage our sons and our daughters to be servants, and [some] of our daughters are brought unto bondage [already]: neither [is it] in our power [to redeem them]; for other men have our lands and vineyards.
Nehemiah 5:6	And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words.
Nehemiah 5:7	Then I consulted with myself, and I rebuked the nobles, and the rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother. And I set a great assembly against them.
Nehemiah 5:8	And I said unto them, We after our ability have redeemed our brethren the Jews, which were sold unto the heathen; and will ye even sell your brethren? or shall they be sold unto us? Then held they their peace, and found nothing [to answer].
Nehemiah 5:9	Also I said, It [is] not good that ye do: ought ye not to walk in the fear of our God because of the reproach of the heathen our enemies?
Nehemiah 5:10	I likewise, [and] my brethren, and my servants, might exact of them money and corn: I pray you, let us leave off this usury.
Nehemiah 5:11	Restore, I pray you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their oliveyards, and their houses, also the hundredth [part] of the money, and of the corn, the wine, and the oil, that ye exact of them.
Nehemiah 5:12	Then said they, We will restore [them], and will require nothing of them; so will we do as thou sayest. Then I called the priests, and took an oath of them, that they should do according to this promise.
Nehemiah 5:13	Also I shook my lap, and said, So God shake out every man from his house, and from his labour, that performeth not this promise, even thus be he shaken out, and emptied. And all the congregation said, Amen, and praised the LORD. And the people did according to this promise.
Nehemiah 5:14	Moreover from the time that I was appointed to be their governor in the land of Judah, from the twentieth year even unto the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes the king, [that is], twelve years, I and my brethren have not eaten the bread of the governor.
Nehemiah 5:15	But the former governors that [had been] before me were chargeable unto the people, and had taken of them bread and wine, beside forty shekels of silver; yea, even their servants bare rule over the people: but so did not I, because of the fear of God.
Nehemiah 5:16	Yea, also I continued in the work of this wall, neither bought we any land: and all my servants [were] gathered thither unto the work.
Nehemiah 5:17	Moreover [there were] at my table an hundred and fifty of the Jews and rulers, beside those that came unto us from among the heathen that [are] about us.
Nehemiah 5:18	Now [that] which was prepared [for me] daily [was] one ox [and] six choice sheep; also fowls were prepared for me, and once in ten days store of all sorts of wine: yet for all this required not I the bread of the governor, because the bondage was heavy upon this people.
Nehemiah 5:19	Think upon me, my God, for good, [according] to all that I have done for this people.
Nehemiah 6:1	Now it came to pass, when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and Geshem the Arabian, and the rest of our enemies, heard that I had builded the wall, and [that] there was no breach left therein; (though at that time I had not set up the doors upon the gates;)
Nehemiah 6:2	That Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me, saying, Come, let us meet together in [some one of] the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief.
Nehemiah 6:3	And I sent messengers unto them, saying, I [am] doing a great work, so that I cannot come down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?
Nehemiah 6:4	Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same manner.
Nehemiah 6:5	Then sent Sanballat his servant unto me in like manner the fifth time with an open letter in his hand;
Nehemiah 6:6	Wherein [was] written, It is reported among the heathen, and Gashmu saith [it, that] thou and the Jews think to rebel: for which cause thou buildest the wall, that thou mayest be their king, according to these words.
Nehemiah 6:7	And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem, saying, [There is] a king in Judah: and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words. Come now therefore, and let us take counsel together.
Nehemiah 6:8	Then I sent unto him, saying, There are no such things done as thou sayest, but thou feignest them out of thine own heart.
Nehemiah 6:9	For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done. Now therefore, [O God], strengthen my hands.
Nehemiah 6:10	Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who [was] shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay thee; yea, in the night will they come to slay thee.
Nehemiah 6:11	And I said, Should such a man as I flee? and who [is there], that, [being] as I [am], would go into the temple to save his life? I will not go in.
Nehemiah 6:12	And, lo, I perceived that God had not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.
Nehemiah 6:13	Therefore [was] he hired, that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and [that] they might have [matter] for an evil report, that they might reproach me.
Nehemiah 6:14	My God, think thou upon Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear.
Nehemiah 6:15	So the wall was finished in the twenty and fifth [day] of [the month] Elul, in fifty and two days.
Nehemiah 6:16	And it came to pass, that when all our enemies heard [thereof], and all the heathen that [were] about us saw [these things], they were much cast down in their own eyes: for they perceived that this work was wrought of our God.
Nehemiah 6:17	Moreover in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and [the letters] of Tobiah came unto them.
Nehemiah 6:18	For [there were] many in Judah sworn unto him, because he [was] the son in law of Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his son Johanan had taken the daughter of Meshullam the son of Berechiah.
Nehemiah 6:19	Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my words to him. [And] Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear.
Nehemiah 7:1	Now it came to pass, when the wall was built, and I had set up the doors, and the porters and the singers and the Levites were appointed,
Nehemiah 7:2	That I gave my brother Hanani, and Hananiah the ruler of the palace, charge over Jerusalem: for he [was] a faithful man, and feared God above many.
Nehemiah 7:3	And I said unto them, Let not the gates of Jerusalem be opened until the sun be hot; and while they stand by, let them shut the doors, and bar [them]: and appoint watches of the inhabitants of Jerusalem, every one in his watch, and every one [to be] over against his house.
Nehemiah 7:4	Now the city [was] large and great: but the people [were] few therein, and the houses [were] not builded.
Nehemiah 7:5	And my God put into mine heart to gather together the nobles, and the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy. And I found a register of the genealogy of them which came up at the first, and found written therein,
Nehemiah 7:6	These [are] the children of the province, that went up out of the captivity, of those that had been carried away, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away, and came again to Jerusalem and to Judah, every one unto his city;
Nehemiah 7:7	Who came with Zerubbabel, Jeshua, Nehemiah, Azariah, Raamiah, Nahamani, Mordecai, Bilshan, Mispereth, Bigvai, Nehum, Baanah. The number, [I say], of the men of the people of Israel [was this];
Nehemiah 7:8	The children of Parosh, two thousand an hundred seventy and two.
Nehemiah 7:9	The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
Nehemiah 7:10	The children of Arah, six hundred fifty and two.
Nehemiah 7:11	The children of Pahathmoab, of the children of Jeshua and Joab, two thousand and eight hundred [and] eighteen.
Nehemiah 7:12	The children of Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Nehemiah 7:13	The children of Zattu, eight hundred forty and five.
Nehemiah 7:14	The children of Zaccai, seven hundred and threescore.
Nehemiah 7:15	The children of Binnui, six hundred forty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:16	The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:17	The children of Azgad, two thousand three hundred twenty and two.
Nehemiah 7:18	The children of Adonikam, six hundred threescore and seven.
Nehemiah 7:19	The children of Bigvai, two thousand threescore and seven.
Nehemiah 7:20	The children of Adin, six hundred fifty and five.
Nehemiah 7:21	The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
Nehemiah 7:22	The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:23	The children of Bezai, three hundred twenty and four.
Nehemiah 7:24	The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve.
Nehemiah 7:25	The children of Gibeon, ninety and five.
Nehemiah 7:26	The men of Bethlehem and Netophah, an hundred fourscore and eight.
Nehemiah 7:27	The men of Anathoth, an hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:28	The men of Bethazmaveth, forty and two.
Nehemiah 7:29	The men of Kirjathjearim, Chephirah, and Beeroth, seven hundred forty and three.
Nehemiah 7:30	The men of Ramah and Geba, six hundred twenty and one.
Nehemiah 7:31	The men of Michmas, an hundred and twenty and two.
Nehemiah 7:32	The men of Bethel and Ai, an hundred twenty and three.
Nehemiah 7:33	The men of the other Nebo, fifty and two.
Nehemiah 7:34	The children of the other Elam, a thousand two hundred fifty and four.
Nehemiah 7:35	The children of Harim, three hundred and twenty.
Nehemiah 7:36	The children of Jericho, three hundred forty and five.
Nehemiah 7:37	The children of Lod, Hadid, and Ono, seven hundred twenty and one.
Nehemiah 7:38	The children of Senaah, three thousand nine hundred and thirty.
Nehemiah 7:39	The priests: the children of Jedaiah, of the house of Jeshua, nine hundred seventy and three.
Nehemiah 7:40	The children of Immer, a thousand fifty and two.
Nehemiah 7:41	The children of Pashur, a thousand two hundred forty and seven.
Nehemiah 7:42	The children of Harim, a thousand and seventeen.
Nehemiah 7:43	The Levites: the children of Jeshua, of Kadmiel, [and] of the children of Hodevah, seventy and four.
Nehemiah 7:44	The singers: the children of Asaph, an hundred forty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:45	The porters: the children of Shallum, the children of Ater, the children of Talmon, the children of Akkub, the children of Hatita, the children of Shobai, an hundred thirty and eight.
Nehemiah 7:46	The Nethinims: the children of Ziha, the children of Hashupha, the children of Tabbaoth,
Nehemiah 7:47	The children of Keros, the children of Sia, the children of Padon,
Nehemiah 7:48	The children of Lebana, the children of Hagaba, the children of Shalmai,
Nehemiah 7:49	The children of Hanan, the children of Giddel, the children of Gahar,
Nehemiah 7:50	The children of Reaiah, the children of Rezin, the children of Nekoda,
Nehemiah 7:51	The children of Gazzam, the children of Uzza, the children of Phaseah,
Nehemiah 7:52	The children of Besai, the children of Meunim, the children of Nephishesim,
Nehemiah 7:53	The children of Bakbuk, the children of Hakupha, the children of Harhur,
Nehemiah 7:54	The children of Bazlith, the children of Mehida, the children of Harsha,
Nehemiah 7:55	The children of Barkos, the children of Sisera, the children of Tamah,
Nehemiah 7:56	The children of Neziah, the children of Hatipha.
Nehemiah 7:57	The children of Solomon’s servants: the children of Sotai, the children of Sophereth, the children of Perida,
Nehemiah 7:58	The children of Jaala, the children of Darkon, the children of Giddel,
Nehemiah 7:59	The children of Shephatiah, the children of Hattil, the children of Pochereth of Zebaim, the children of Amon.
Nehemiah 7:60	All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon’s servants, [were] three hundred ninety and two.
Nehemiah 7:61	And these [were] they which went up [also] from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they could not shew their father’s house, nor their seed, whether they [were] of Israel.
Nehemiah 7:62	The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred forty and two.
Nehemiah 7:63	And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai, which took [one] of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name.
Nehemiah 7:64	These sought their register [among] those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood.
Nehemiah 7:65	And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood [up] a priest with Urim and Thummim.
Nehemiah 7:66	The whole congregation together [was] forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore,
Nehemiah 7:67	Beside their manservants and their maidservants, of whom [there were] seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven: and they had two hundred forty and five singing men and singing women.
Nehemiah 7:68	Their horses, seven hundred thirty and six: their mules, two hundred forty and five:
Nehemiah 7:69	[Their] camels, four hundred thirty and five: six thousand seven hundred and twenty asses.
Nehemiah 7:70	And some of the chief of the fathers gave unto the work. The Tirshatha gave to the treasure a thousand drams of gold, fifty basons, five hundred and thirty priests’ garments.
Nehemiah 7:71	And [some] of the chief of the fathers gave to the treasure of the work twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand and two hundred pound of silver.
Nehemiah 7:72	And [that] which the rest of the people gave [was] twenty thousand drams of gold, and two thousand pound of silver, and threescore and seven priests’ garments.
Nehemiah 7:73	So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and [some] of the people, and the Nethinims, and all Israel, dwelt in their cities; and when the seventh month came, the children of Israel [were] in their cities.
Nehemiah 8:1	And all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the street that [was] before the water gate; and they spake unto Ezra the scribe to bring the book of the law of Moses, which the LORD had commanded to Israel.
Nehemiah 8:2	And Ezra the priest brought the law before the congregation both of men and women, and all that could hear with understanding, upon the first day of the seventh month.
Nehemiah 8:3	And he read therein before the street that [was] before the water gate from the morning until midday, before the men and the women, and those that could understand; and the ears of all the people [were attentive] unto the book of the law.
Nehemiah 8:4	And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, [and] Meshullam.
Nehemiah 8:5	And Ezra opened the book in the sight of all the people; (for he was above all the people;) and when he opened it, all the people stood up:
Nehemiah 8:6	And Ezra blessed the LORD, the great God. And all the people answered, Amen, Amen, with lifting up their hands: and they bowed their heads, and worshipped the LORD with [their] faces to the ground.
Nehemiah 8:7	Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Sherebiah, Jamin, Akkub, Shabbethai, Hodijah, Maaseiah, Kelita, Azariah, Jozabad, Hanan, Pelaiah, and the Levites, caused the people to understand the law: and the people [stood] in their place.
Nehemiah 8:8	So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly, and gave the sense, and caused [them] to understand the reading.
Nehemiah 8:9	And Nehemiah, which [is] the Tirshatha, and Ezra the priest the scribe, and the Levites that taught the people, said unto all the people, This day [is] holy unto the LORD your God; mourn not, nor weep. For all the people wept, when they heard the words of the law.
Nehemiah 8:10	Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for [this] day [is] holy unto our Lord: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the LORD is your strength.
Nehemiah 8:11	So the Levites stilled all the people, saying, Hold your peace, for the day [is] holy; neither be ye grieved.
Nehemiah 8:12	And all the people went their way to eat, and to drink, and to send portions, and to make great mirth, because they had understood the words that were declared unto them.
Nehemiah 8:13	And on the second day were gathered together the chief of the fathers of all the people, the priests, and the Levites, unto Ezra the scribe, even to understand the words of the law.
Nehemiah 8:14	And they found written in the law which the LORD had commanded by Moses, that the children of Israel should dwell in booths in the feast of the seventh month:
Nehemiah 8:15	And that they should publish and proclaim in all their cities, and in Jerusalem, saying, Go forth unto the mount, and fetch olive branches, and pine branches, and myrtle branches, and palm branches, and branches of thick trees, to make booths, as [it is] written.
Nehemiah 8:16	So the people went forth, and brought [them], and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water gate, and in the street of the gate of Ephraim.
Nehemiah 8:17	And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there was very great gladness.
Nehemiah 8:18	Also day by day, from the first day unto the last day, he read in the book of the law of God. And they kept the feast seven days; and on the eighth day [was] a solemn assembly, according unto the manner.
Nehemiah 9:1	Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were assembled with fasting, and with sackclothes, and earth upon them.
Nehemiah 9:2	And the seed of Israel separated themselves from all strangers, and stood and confessed their sins, and the iniquities of their fathers.
Nehemiah 9:3	And they stood up in their place, and read in the book of the law of the LORD their God [one] fourth part of the day; and [another] fourth part they confessed, and worshipped the LORD their God.
Nehemiah 9:4	Then stood up upon the stairs, of the Levites, Jeshua, and Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, [and] Chenani, and cried with a loud voice unto the LORD their God.
Nehemiah 9:5	Then the Levites, Jeshua, and Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, [and] Pethahiah, said, Stand up [and] bless the LORD your God for ever and ever: and blessed be thy glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.
Nehemiah 9:6	Thou, [even] thou, [art] LORD alone; thou hast made heaven, the heaven of heavens, with all their host, the earth, and all [things] that [are] therein, the seas, and all that [is] therein, and thou preservest them all; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee.
Nehemiah 9:7	Thou [art] the LORD the God, who didst choose Abram, and broughtest him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees, and gavest him the name of Abraham;
Nehemiah 9:8	And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give [it, I say], to his seed, and hast performed thy words; for thou [art] righteous:
Nehemiah 9:9	And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red sea;
Nehemiah 9:10	And shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and on all the people of his land: for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them. So didst thou get thee a name, as [it is] this day.
Nehemiah 9:11	And thou didst divide the sea before them, so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land; and their persecutors thou threwest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty waters.
Nehemiah 9:12	Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they should go.
Nehemiah 9:13	Thou camest down also upon mount Sinai, and spakest with them from heaven, and gavest them right judgments, and true laws, good statutes and commandments:
Nehemiah 9:14	And madest known unto them thy holy sabbath, and commandedst them precepts, statutes, and laws, by the hand of Moses thy servant:
Nehemiah 9:15	And gavest them bread from heaven for their hunger, and broughtest forth water for them out of the rock for their thirst, and promisedst them that they should go in to possess the land which thou hadst sworn to give them.
Nehemiah 9:16	But they and our fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and hearkened not to thy commandments,
Nehemiah 9:17	And refused to obey, neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a captain to return to their bondage: but thou [art] a God ready to pardon, gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and forsookest them not.
Nehemiah 9:18	Yea, when they had made them a molten calf, and said, This [is] thy God that brought thee up out of Egypt, and had wrought great provocations;
Nehemiah 9:19	Yet thou in thy manifold mercies forsookest them not in the wilderness: the pillar of the cloud departed not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by night, to shew them light, and the way wherein they should go.
Nehemiah 9:20	Thou gavest also thy good spirit to instruct them, and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth, and gavest them water for their thirst.
Nehemiah 9:21	Yea, forty years didst thou sustain them in the wilderness, [so that] they lacked nothing; their clothes waxed not old, and their feet swelled not.
Nehemiah 9:22	Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations, and didst divide them into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan.
Nehemiah 9:23	Their children also multipliedst thou as the stars of heaven, and broughtest them into the land, concerning which thou hadst promised to their fathers, that they should go in to possess [it].
Nehemiah 9:24	So the children went in and possessed the land, and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the land, the Canaanites, and gavest them into their hands, with their kings, and the people of the land, that they might do with them as they would.
Nehemiah 9:25	And they took strong cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells digged, vineyards, and oliveyards, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness.
Nehemiah 9:26	Nevertheless they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their backs, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great provocations.
Nehemiah 9:27	Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they cried unto thee, thou heardest [them] from heaven; and according to thy manifold mercies thou gavest them saviours, who saved them out of the hand of their enemies.
Nehemiah 9:28	But after they had rest, they did evil again before thee: therefore leftest thou them in the hand of their enemies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet when they returned, and cried unto thee, thou heardest [them] from heaven; and many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies;
Nehemiah 9:29	And testifiedst against them, that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law: yet they dealt proudly, and hearkened not unto thy commandments, but sinned against thy judgments, (which if a man do, he shall live in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened their neck, and would not hear.
Nehemiah 9:30	Yet many years didst thou forbear them, and testifiedst against them by thy spirit in thy prophets: yet would they not give ear: therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands.
Nehemiah 9:31	Nevertheless for thy great mercies’ sake thou didst not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for thou [art] a gracious and merciful God.
Nehemiah 9:32	Now therefore, our God, the great, the mighty, and the terrible God, who keepest covenant and mercy, let not all the trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our kings, on our princes, and on our priests, and on our prophets, and on our fathers, and on all thy people, since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day.
Nehemiah 9:33	Howbeit thou [art] just in all that is brought upon us; for thou hast done right, but we have done wickedly:
Nehemiah 9:34	Neither have our kings, our princes, our priests, nor our fathers, kept thy law, nor hearkened unto thy commandments and thy testimonies, wherewith thou didst testify against them.
Nehemiah 9:35	For they have not served thee in their kingdom, and in thy great goodness that thou gavest them, and in the large and fat land which thou gavest before them, neither turned they from their wicked works.
Nehemiah 9:36	Behold, we [are] servants this day, and [for] the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit thereof and the good thereof, behold, we [are] servants in it:
Nehemiah 9:37	And it yieldeth much increase unto the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins: also they have dominion over our bodies, and over our cattle, at their pleasure, and we [are] in great distress.
Nehemiah 9:38	And because of all this we make a sure [covenant], and write [it]; and our princes, Levites, [and] priests, seal [unto it].
Nehemiah 10:1	Now those that sealed [were], Nehemiah, the Tirshatha, the son of Hachaliah, and Zidkijah,
Nehemiah 10:2	Seraiah, Azariah, Jeremiah,
Nehemiah 10:3	Pashur, Amariah, Malchijah,
Nehemiah 10:4	Hattush, Shebaniah, Malluch,
Nehemiah 10:5	Harim, Meremoth, Obadiah,
Nehemiah 10:6	Daniel, Ginnethon, Baruch,
Nehemiah 10:7	Meshullam, Abijah, Mijamin,
Nehemiah 10:8	Maaziah, Bilgai, Shemaiah: these [were] the priests.
Nehemiah 10:9	And the Levites: both Jeshua the son of Azaniah, Binnui of the sons of Henadad, Kadmiel;
Nehemiah 10:10	And their brethren, Shebaniah, Hodijah, Kelita, Pelaiah, Hanan,
Nehemiah 10:11	Micha, Rehob, Hashabiah,
Nehemiah 10:12	Zaccur, Sherebiah, Shebaniah,
Nehemiah 10:13	Hodijah, Bani, Beninu.
Nehemiah 10:14	The chief of the people; Parosh, Pahathmoab, Elam, Zatthu, Bani,
Nehemiah 10:15	Bunni, Azgad, Bebai,
Nehemiah 10:16	Adonijah, Bigvai, Adin,
Nehemiah 10:17	Ater, Hizkijah, Azzur,
Nehemiah 10:18	Hodijah, Hashum, Bezai,
Nehemiah 10:19	Hariph, Anathoth, Nebai,
Nehemiah 10:20	Magpiash, Meshullam, Hezir,
Nehemiah 10:21	Meshezabeel, Zadok, Jaddua,
Nehemiah 10:22	Pelatiah, Hanan, Anaiah,
Nehemiah 10:23	Hoshea, Hananiah, Hashub,
Nehemiah 10:24	Hallohesh, Pileha, Shobek,
Nehemiah 10:25	Rehum, Hashabnah, Maaseiah,
Nehemiah 10:26	And Ahijah, Hanan, Anan,
Nehemiah 10:27	Malluch, Harim, Baanah.
Nehemiah 10:28	And the rest of the people, the priests, the Levites, the porters, the singers, the Nethinims, and all they that had separated themselves from the people of the lands unto the law of God, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, every one having knowledge, and having understanding;
Nehemiah 10:29	They clave to their brethren, their nobles, and entered into a curse, and into an oath, to walk in God’s law, which was given by Moses the servant of God, and to observe and do all the commandments of the LORD our Lord, and his judgments and his statutes;
Nehemiah 10:30	And that we would not give our daughters unto the people of the land, nor take their daughters for our sons:
Nehemiah 10:31	And [if] the people of the land bring ware or any victuals on the sabbath day to sell, [that] we would not buy it of them on the sabbath, or on the holy day: and [that] we would leave the seventh year, and the exaction of every debt.
Nehemiah 10:32	Also we made ordinances for us, to charge ourselves yearly with the third part of a shekel for the service of the house of our God;
Nehemiah 10:33	For the shewbread, and for the continual meat offering, and for the continual burnt offering, of the sabbaths, of the new moons, for the set feasts, and for the holy [things], and for the sin offerings to make an atonement for Israel, and [for] all the work of the house of our God.
Nehemiah 10:34	And we cast the lots among the priests, the Levites, and the people, for the wood offering, to bring [it] into the house of our God, after the houses of our fathers, at times appointed year by year, to burn upon the altar of the LORD our God, as [it is] written in the law:
Nehemiah 10:35	And to bring the firstfruits of our ground, and the firstfruits of all fruit of all trees, year by year, unto the house of the LORD:
Nehemiah 10:36	Also the firstborn of our sons, and of our cattle, as [it is] written in the law, and the firstlings of our herds and of our flocks, to bring to the house of our God, unto the priests that minister in the house of our God:
Nehemiah 10:37	And [that] we should bring the firstfruits of our dough, and our offerings, and the fruit of all manner of trees, of wine and of oil, unto the priests, to the chambers of the house of our God; and the tithes of our ground unto the Levites, that the same Levites might have the tithes in all the cities of our tillage.
Nehemiah 10:38	And the priest the son of Aaron shall be with the Levites, when the Levites take tithes: and the Levites shall bring up the tithe of the tithes unto the house of our God, to the chambers, into the treasure house.
Nehemiah 10:39	For the children of Israel and the children of Levi shall bring the offering of the corn, of the new wine, and the oil, unto the chambers, where [are] the vessels of the sanctuary, and the priests that minister, and the porters, and the singers: and we will not forsake the house of our God.
Nehemiah 11:1	And the rulers of the people dwelt at Jerusalem: the rest of the people also cast lots, to bring one of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city, and nine parts [to dwell] in [other] cities.
Nehemiah 11:2	And the people blessed all the men, that willingly offered themselves to dwell at Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 11:3	Now these [are] the chief of the province that dwelt in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, [to wit], Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon’s servants.
Nehemiah 11:4	And at Jerusalem dwelt [certain] of the children of Judah, and of the children of Benjamin. Of the children of Judah; Athaiah the son of Uzziah, the son of Zechariah, the son of Amariah, the son of Shephatiah, the son of Mahalaleel, of the children of Perez;
Nehemiah 11:5	And Maaseiah the son of Baruch, the son of Colhozeh, the son of Hazaiah, the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son of Shiloni.
Nehemiah 11:6	All the sons of Perez that dwelt at Jerusalem [were] four hundred threescore and eight valiant men.
Nehemiah 11:7	And these [are] the sons of Benjamin; Sallu the son of Meshullam, the son of Joed, the son of Pedaiah, the son of Kolaiah, the son of Maaseiah, the son of Ithiel, the son of Jesaiah.
Nehemiah 11:8	And after him Gabbai, Sallai, nine hundred twenty and eight.
Nehemiah 11:9	And Joel the son of Zichri [was] their overseer: and Judah the son of Senuah [was] second over the city.
Nehemiah 11:10	Of the priests: Jedaiah the son of Joiarib, Jachin.
Nehemiah 11:11	Seraiah the son of Hilkiah, the son of Meshullam, the son of Zadok, the son of Meraioth, the son of Ahitub, [was] the ruler of the house of God.
Nehemiah 11:12	And their brethren that did the work of the house [were] eight hundred twenty and two: and Adaiah the son of Jeroham, the son of Pelaliah, the son of Amzi, the son of Zechariah, the son of Pashur, the son of Malchiah,
Nehemiah 11:13	And his brethren, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and Amashai the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,
Nehemiah 11:14	And their brethren, mighty men of valour, an hundred twenty and eight: and their overseer [was] Zabdiel, the son of [one of] the great men.
Nehemiah 11:15	Also of the Levites: Shemaiah the son of Hashub, the son of Azrikam, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Bunni;
Nehemiah 11:16	And Shabbethai and Jozabad, of the chief of the Levites, [had] the oversight of the outward business of the house of God.
Nehemiah 11:17	And Mattaniah the son of Micha, the son of Zabdi, the son of Asaph, [was] the principal to begin the thanksgiving in prayer: and Bakbukiah the second among his brethren, and Abda the son of Shammua, the son of Galal, the son of Jeduthun.
Nehemiah 11:18	All the Levites in the holy city [were] two hundred fourscore and four.
Nehemiah 11:19	Moreover the porters, Akkub, Talmon, and their brethren that kept the gates, [were] an hundred seventy and two.
Nehemiah 11:20	And the residue of Israel, of the priests, [and] the Levites, [were] in all the cities of Judah, every one in his inheritance.
Nehemiah 11:21	But the Nethinims dwelt in Ophel: and Ziha and Gispa [were] over the Nethinims.
Nehemiah 11:22	The overseer also of the Levites at Jerusalem [was] Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha. Of the sons of Asaph, the singers [were] over the business of the house of God.
Nehemiah 11:23	For [it was] the king’s commandment concerning them, that a certain portion should be for the singers, due for every day.
Nehemiah 11:24	And Pethahiah the son of Meshezabeel, of the children of Zerah the son of Judah, [was] at the king’s hand in all matters concerning the people.
Nehemiah 11:25	And for the villages, with their fields, [some] of the children of Judah dwelt at Kirjatharba, and [in] the villages thereof, and at Dibon, and [in] the villages thereof, and at Jekabzeel, and [in] the villages thereof,
Nehemiah 11:26	And at Jeshua, and at Moladah, and at Bethphelet,
Nehemiah 11:27	And at Hazarshual, and at Beersheba, and [in] the villages thereof,
Nehemiah 11:28	And at Ziklag, and at Mekonah, and in the villages thereof,
Nehemiah 11:29	And at Enrimmon, and at Zareah, and at Jarmuth,
Nehemiah 11:30	Zanoah, Adullam, and [in] their villages, at Lachish, and the fields thereof, at Azekah, and [in] the villages thereof. And they dwelt from Beersheba unto the valley of Hinnom.
Nehemiah 11:31	The children also of Benjamin from Geba [dwelt] at Michmash, and Aija, and Bethel, and [in] their villages,
Nehemiah 11:32	[And] at Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah,
Nehemiah 11:33	Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,
Nehemiah 11:34	Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat,
Nehemiah 11:35	Lod, and Ono, the valley of craftsmen.
Nehemiah 11:36	And of the Levites [were] divisions [in] Judah, [and] in Benjamin.
Nehemiah 12:1	Now these [are] the priests and the Levites that went up with Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua: Seraiah, Jeremiah, Ezra,
Nehemiah 12:2	Amariah, Malluch, Hattush,
Nehemiah 12:3	Shechaniah, Rehum, Meremoth,
Nehemiah 12:4	Iddo, Ginnetho, Abijah,
Nehemiah 12:5	Miamin, Maadiah, Bilgah,
Nehemiah 12:6	Shemaiah, and Joiarib, Jedaiah,
Nehemiah 12:7	Sallu, Amok, Hilkiah, Jedaiah. These [were] the chief of the priests and of their brethren in the days of Jeshua.
Nehemiah 12:8	Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah, [and] Mattaniah, [which was] over the thanksgiving, he and his brethren.
Nehemiah 12:9	Also Bakbukiah and Unni, their brethren, [were] over against them in the watches.
Nehemiah 12:10	And Jeshua begat Joiakim, Joiakim also begat Eliashib, and Eliashib begat Joiada,
Nehemiah 12:11	And Joiada begat Jonathan, and Jonathan begat Jaddua.
Nehemiah 12:12	And in the days of Joiakim were priests, the chief of the fathers: of Seraiah, Meraiah; of Jeremiah, Hananiah;
Nehemiah 12:13	Of Ezra, Meshullam; of Amariah, Jehohanan;
Nehemiah 12:14	Of Melicu, Jonathan; of Shebaniah, Joseph;
Nehemiah 12:15	Of Harim, Adna; of Meraioth, Helkai;
Nehemiah 12:16	Of Iddo, Zechariah; of Ginnethon, Meshullam;
Nehemiah 12:17	Of Abijah, Zichri; of Miniamin, of Moadiah, Piltai;
Nehemiah 12:18	Of Bilgah, Shammua; of Shemaiah, Jehonathan;
Nehemiah 12:19	And of Joiarib, Mattenai; of Jedaiah, Uzzi;
Nehemiah 12:20	Of Sallai, Kallai; of Amok, Eber;
Nehemiah 12:21	Of Hilkiah, Hashabiah; of Jedaiah, Nethaneel.
Nehemiah 12:22	The Levites in the days of Eliashib, Joiada, and Johanan, and Jaddua, [were] recorded chief of the fathers: also the priests, to the reign of Darius the Persian.
Nehemiah 12:23	The sons of Levi, the chief of the fathers, [were] written in the book of the chronicles, even until the days of Johanan the son of Eliashib.
Nehemiah 12:24	And the chief of the Levites: Hashabiah, Sherebiah, and Jeshua the son of Kadmiel, with their brethren over against them, to praise [and] to give thanks, according to the commandment of David the man of God, ward over against ward.
Nehemiah 12:25	Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub, [were] porters keeping the ward at the thresholds of the gates.
Nehemiah 12:26	These [were] in the days of Joiakim the son of Jeshua, the son of Jozadak, and in the days of Nehemiah the governor, and of Ezra the priest, the scribe.
Nehemiah 12:27	And at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places, to bring them to Jerusalem, to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings, and with singing, [with] cymbals, psalteries, and with harps.
Nehemiah 12:28	And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together, both out of the plain country round about Jerusalem, and from the villages of Netophathi;
Nehemiah 12:29	Also from the house of Gilgal, and out of the fields of Geba and Azmaveth: for the singers had builded them villages round about Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 12:30	And the priests and the Levites purified themselves, and purified the people, and the gates, and the wall.
Nehemiah 12:31	Then I brought up the princes of Judah upon the wall, and appointed two great [companies of them that gave] thanks, [whereof one] went on the right hand upon the wall toward the dung gate:
Nehemiah 12:32	And after them went Hoshaiah, and half of the princes of Judah,
Nehemiah 12:33	And Azariah, Ezra, and Meshullam,
Nehemiah 12:34	Judah, and Benjamin, and Shemaiah, and Jeremiah,
Nehemiah 12:35	And [certain] of the priests’ sons with trumpets; [namely], Zechariah the son of Jonathan, the son of Shemaiah, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Michaiah, the son of Zaccur, the son of Asaph:
Nehemiah 12:36	And his brethren, Shemaiah, and Azarael, Milalai, Gilalai, Maai, Nethaneel, and Judah, Hanani, with the musical instruments of David the man of God, and Ezra the scribe before them.
Nehemiah 12:37	And at the fountain gate, which was over against them, they went up by the stairs of the city of David, at the going up of the wall, above the house of David, even unto the water gate eastward.
Nehemiah 12:38	And the other [company of them that gave] thanks went over against [them], and I after them, and the half of the people upon the wall, from beyond the tower of the furnaces even unto the broad wall;
Nehemiah 12:39	And from above the gate of Ephraim, and above the old gate, and above the fish gate, and the tower of Hananeel, and the tower of Meah, even unto the sheep gate: and they stood still in the prison gate.
Nehemiah 12:40	So stood the two [companies of them that gave] thanks in the house of God, and I, and the half of the rulers with me:
Nehemiah 12:41	And the priests; Eliakim, Maaseiah, Miniamin, Michaiah, Elioenai, Zechariah, [and] Hananiah, with trumpets;
Nehemiah 12:42	And Maaseiah, and Shemaiah, and Eleazar, and Uzzi, and Jehohanan, and Malchijah, and Elam, and Ezer. And the singers sang loud, with Jezrahiah [their] overseer.
Nehemiah 12:43	Also that day they offered great sacrifices, and rejoiced: for God had made them rejoice with great joy: the wives also and the children rejoiced: so that the joy of Jerusalem was heard even afar off.
Nehemiah 12:44	And at that time were some appointed over the chambers for the treasures, for the offerings, for the firstfruits, and for the tithes, to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites: for Judah rejoiced for the priests and for the Levites that waited.
Nehemiah 12:45	And both the singers and the porters kept the ward of their God, and the ward of the purification, according to the commandment of David, [and] of Solomon his son.
Nehemiah 12:46	For in the days of David and Asaph of old [there were] chief of the singers, and songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God.
Nehemiah 12:47	And all Israel in the days of Zerubbabel, and in the days of Nehemiah, gave the portions of the singers and the porters, every day his portion: and they sanctified [holy things] unto the Levites; and the Levites sanctified [them] unto the children of Aaron.
Nehemiah 13:1	On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever;
Nehemiah 13:2	Because they met not the children of Israel with bread and with water, but hired Balaam against them, that he should curse them: howbeit our God turned the curse into a blessing.
Nehemiah 13:3	Now it came to pass, when they had heard the law, that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude.
Nehemiah 13:4	And before this, Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our God, [was] allied unto Tobiah:
Nehemiah 13:5	And he had prepared for him a great chamber, where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the frankincense, and the vessels, and the tithes of the corn, the new wine, and the oil, which was commanded [to be given] to the Levites, and the singers, and the porters; and the offerings of the priests.
Nehemiah 13:6	But in all this [time] was not I at Jerusalem: for in the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes king of Babylon came I unto the king, and after certain days obtained I leave of the king:
Nehemiah 13:7	And I came to Jerusalem, and understood of the evil that Eliashib did for Tobiah, in preparing him a chamber in the courts of the house of God.
Nehemiah 13:8	And it grieved me sore: therefore I cast forth all the household stuff of Tobiah out of the chamber.
Nehemiah 13:9	Then I commanded, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the vessels of the house of God, with the meat offering and the frankincense.
Nehemiah 13:10	And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given [them]: for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his field.
Nehemiah 13:11	Then contended I with the rulers, and said, Why is the house of God forsaken? And I gathered them together, and set them in their place.
Nehemiah 13:12	Then brought all Judah the tithe of the corn and the new wine and the oil unto the treasuries.
Nehemiah 13:13	And I made treasurers over the treasuries, Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, Pedaiah: and next to them [was] Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah: for they were counted faithful, and their office [was] to distribute unto their brethren.
Nehemiah 13:14	Remember me, O my God, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that I have done for the house of my God, and for the offices thereof.
Nehemiah 13:15	In those days saw I in Judah [some] treading wine presses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves, and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all [manner of] burdens, which they brought into Jerusalem on the sabbath day: and I testified [against them] in the day wherein they sold victuals.
Nehemiah 13:16	There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem.
Nehemiah 13:17	Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto them, What evil thing [is] this that ye do, and profane the sabbath day?
Nehemiah 13:18	Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city? yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the sabbath.
Nehemiah 13:19	And it came to pass, that when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath, I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the sabbath: and [some] of my servants set I at the gates, [that] there should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day.
Nehemiah 13:20	So the merchants and sellers of all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice.
Nehemiah 13:21	Then I testified against them, and said unto them, Why lodge ye about the wall? if ye do [so] again, I will lay hands on you. From that time forth came they no [more] on the sabbath.
Nehemiah 13:22	And I commanded the Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and [that] they should come [and] keep the gates, to sanctify the sabbath day. Remember me, O my God, [concerning] this also, and spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy.
Nehemiah 13:23	In those days also saw I Jews [that] had married wives of Ashdod, of Ammon, [and] of Moab:
Nehemiah 13:24	And their children spake half in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews’ language, but according to the language of each people.
Nehemiah 13:25	And I contended with them, and cursed them, and smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by God, [saying], Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.
Nehemiah 13:26	Did not Solomon king of Israel sin by these things? yet among many nations was there no king like him, who was beloved of his God, and God made him king over all Israel: nevertheless even him did outlandish women cause to sin.
Nehemiah 13:27	Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this great evil, to transgress against our God in marrying strange wives?
Nehemiah 13:28	And [one] of the sons of Joiada, the son of Eliashib the high priest, [was] son in law to Sanballat the Horonite: therefore I chased him from me.
Nehemiah 13:29	Remember them, O my God, because they have defiled the priesthood, and the covenant of the priesthood, and of the Levites.
Nehemiah 13:30	Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the priests and the Levites, every one in his business;
Nehemiah 13:31	And for the wood offering, at times appointed, and for the firstfruits. Remember me, O my God, for good.
Esther 1:1	Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this [is] Ahasuerus which reigned, from India even unto Ethiopia, [over] an hundred and seven and twenty provinces:)
Esther 1:2	[That] in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which [was] in Shushan the palace,
Esther 1:3	In the third year of his reign, he made a feast unto all his princes and his servants; the power of Persia and Media, the nobles and princes of the provinces, [being] before him:
Esther 1:4	When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honour of his excellent majesty many days, [even] an hundred and fourscore days.
Esther 1:5	And when these days were expired, the king made a feast unto all the people that were present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the court of the garden of the king’s palace;
Esther 1:6	[Where were] white, green, and blue, [hangings], fastened with cords of fine linen and purple to silver rings and pillars of marble: the beds [were of] gold and silver, upon a pavement of red, and blue, and white, and black, marble.
Esther 1:7	And they gave [them] drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state of the king.
Esther 1:8	And the drinking [was] according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to every man’s pleasure.
Esther 1:9	Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women [in] the royal house which [belonged] to king Ahasuerus.
Esther 1:10	On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the king,
Esther 1:11	To bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to shew the people and the princes her beauty: for she [was] fair to look on.
Esther 1:12	But the queen Vashti refused to come at the king’s commandment by [his] chamberlains: therefore was the king very wroth, and his anger burned in him.
Esther 1:13	Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the times, (for so [was] the king’s manner toward all that knew law and judgment:
Esther 1:14	And the next unto him [was] Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, [and] Memucan, the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king’s face, [and] which sat the first in the kingdom;)
Esther 1:15	What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law, because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the chamberlains?
Esther 1:16	And Memucan answered before the king and the princes, Vashti the queen hath not done wrong to the king only, but also to all the princes, and to all the people that [are] in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus.
Esther 1:17	For [this] deed of the queen shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the queen to be brought in before him, but she came not.
Esther 1:18	[Likewise] shall the ladies of Persia and Media say this day unto all the king’s princes, which have heard of the deed of the queen. Thus [shall there arise] too much contempt and wrath.
Esther 1:19	If it please the king, let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal estate unto another that is better than she.
Esther 1:20	And when the king’s decree which he shall make shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives shall give to their husbands honour, both to great and small.
Esther 1:21	And the saying pleased the king and the princes; and the king did according to the word of Memucan:
Esther 1:22	For he sent letters into all the king’s provinces, into every province according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man should bear rule in his own house, and that [it] should be published according to the language of every people.
Esther 2:1	After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased, he remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what was decreed against her.
Esther 2:2	Then said the king’s servants that ministered unto him, Let there be fair young virgins sought for the king:
Esther 2:3	And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom, that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the palace, to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king’s chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be given [them]:
Esther 2:4	And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti. And the thing pleased the king; and he did so.
Esther 2:5	[Now] in Shushan the palace there was a certain Jew, whose name [was] Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite;
Esther 2:6	Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away.
Esther 2:7	And he brought up Hadassah, that [is], Esther, his uncle’s daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid [was] fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter.
Esther 2:8	So it came to pass, when the king’s commandment and his decree was heard, and when many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace, to the custody of Hegai, that Esther was brought also unto the king’s house, to the custody of Hegai, keeper of the women.
Esther 2:9	And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as belonged to her, and seven maidens, [which were] meet to be given her, out of the king’s house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best [place] of the house of the women.
Esther 2:10	Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had charged her that she should not shew [it].
Esther 2:11	And Mordecai walked every day before the court of the women’s house, to know how Esther did, and what should become of her.
Esther 2:12	Now when every maid’s turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus, after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their purifications accomplished, [to wit], six months with oil of myrrh, and six months with sweet odours, and with [other] things for the purifying of the women;)
Esther 2:13	Then thus came [every] maiden unto the king; whatsoever she desired was given her to go with her out of the house of the women unto the king’s house.
Esther 2:14	In the evening she went, and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the custody of Shaashgaz, the king’s chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she were called by name.
Esther 2:15	Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king, she required nothing but what Hegai the king’s chamberlain, the keeper of the women, appointed. And Esther obtained favour in the sight of all them that looked upon her.
Esther 2:16	So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in the tenth month, which [is] the month Tebeth, in the seventh year of his reign.
Esther 2:17	And the king loved Esther above all the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal crown upon her head, and made her queen instead of Vashti.
Esther 2:18	Then the king made a great feast unto all his princes and his servants, [even] Esther’s feast; and he made a release to the provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the king.
Esther 2:19	And when the virgins were gathered together the second time, then Mordecai sat in the king’s gate.
Esther 2:20	Esther had not [yet] shewed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him.
Esther 2:21	In those days, while Mordecai sat in the king’s gate, two of the king’s chamberlains, Bigthan and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hand on the king Ahasuerus.
Esther 2:22	And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told [it] unto Esther the queen; and Esther certified the king [thereof] in Mordecai’s name.
Esther 2:23	And when inquisition was made of the matter, it was found out; therefore they were both hanged on a tree: and it was written in the book of the chronicles before the king.
Esther 3:1	After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that [were] with him.
Esther 3:2	And all the king’s servants, that [were] in the king’s gate, bowed, and reverenced Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. But Mordecai bowed not, nor did [him] reverence.
Esther 3:3	Then the king’s servants, which [were] in the king’s gate, said unto Mordecai, Why transgressest thou the king’s commandment?
Esther 3:4	Now it came to pass, when they spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not unto them, that they told Haman, to see whether Mordecai’s matters would stand: for he had told them that he [was] a Jew.
Esther 3:5	And when Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was Haman full of wrath.
Esther 3:6	And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him the people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that [were] throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, [even] the people of Mordecai.
Esther 3:7	In the first month, that [is], the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that [is], the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, [to] the twelfth [month], that [is], the month Adar.
Esther 3:8	And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the provinces of thy kingdom; and their laws [are] diverse from all people; neither keep they the king’s laws: therefore it [is] not for the king’s profit to suffer them.
Esther 3:9	If it please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of the business, to bring [it] into the king’s treasuries.
Esther 3:10	And the king took his ring from his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews’ enemy.
Esther 3:11	And the king said unto Haman, The silver [is] given to thee, the people also, to do with them as it seemeth good to thee.
Esther 3:12	Then were the king’s scribes called on the thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that Haman had commanded unto the king’s lieutenants, and to the governors that [were] over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province according to the writing thereof, and [to] every people after their language; in the name of king Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king’s ring.
Esther 3:13	And the letters were sent by posts into all the king’s provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in one day, [even] upon the thirteenth [day] of the twelfth month, which [is] the month Adar, and [to take] the spoil of them for a prey.
Esther 3:14	The copy of the writing for a commandment to be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be ready against that day.
Esther 3:15	The posts went out, being hastened by the king’s commandment, and the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.
Esther 4:1	When Mordecai perceived all that was done, Mordecai rent his clothes, and put on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried with a loud and a bitter cry;
Esther 4:2	And came even before the king’s gate: for none [might] enter into the king’s gate clothed with sackcloth.
Esther 4:3	And in every province, whithersoever the king’s commandment and his decree came, [there was] great mourning among the Jews, and fasting, and weeping, and wailing; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes.
Esther 4:4	So Esther’s maids and her chamberlains came and told [it] her. Then was the queen exceedingly grieved; and she sent raiment to clothe Mordecai, and to take away his sackcloth from him: but he received [it] not.
Esther 4:5	Then called Esther for Hatach, [one] of the king’s chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a commandment to Mordecai, to know what it [was], and why it [was].
Esther 4:6	So Hatach went forth to Mordecai unto the street of the city, which [was] before the king’s gate.
Esther 4:7	And Mordecai told him of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had promised to pay to the king’s treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them.
Esther 4:8	Also he gave him the copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to shew [it] unto Esther, and to declare [it] unto her, and to charge her that she should go in unto the king, to make supplication unto him, and to make request before him for her people.
Esther 4:9	And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai.
Esther 4:10	Again Esther spake unto Hatach, and gave him commandment unto Mordecai;
Esther 4:11	All the king’s servants, and the people of the king’s provinces, do know, that whosoever, whether man or woman, shall come unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, [there is] one law of his to put [him] to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden sceptre, that he may live: but I have not been called to come in unto the king these thirty days.
Esther 4:12	And they told to Mordecai Esther’s words.
Esther 4:13	Then Mordecai commanded to answer Esther, Think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king’s house, more than all the Jews.
Esther 4:14	For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, [then] shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father’s house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for [such] a time as this?
Esther 4:15	Then Esther bade [them] return Mordecai [this answer],
Esther 4:16	Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast likewise; and so will I go in unto the king, which [is] not according to the law: and if I perish, I perish.
Esther 4:17	So Mordecai went his way, and did according to all that Esther had commanded him.
Esther 5:1	Now it came to pass on the third day, that Esther put on [her] royal [apparel], and stood in the inner court of the king’s house, over against the king’s house: and the king sat upon his royal throne in the royal house, over against the gate of the house.
Esther 5:2	And it was so, when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the court, [that] she obtained favour in his sight: and the king held out to Esther the golden sceptre that [was] in his hand. So Esther drew near, and touched the top of the sceptre.