Acts 17:27	That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:
Acts 17:28	For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.
Acts 17:29	Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man’s device.
Acts 17:30	And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:
Acts 17:31	Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by [that] man whom he hath ordained; [whereof] he hath given assurance unto all [men], in that he hath raised him from the dead.
Acts 17:32	And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this [matter].
Acts 17:33	So Paul departed from among them.
Acts 17:34	Howbeit certain men clave unto him, and believed: among the which [was] Dionysius the Areopagite, and a woman named Damaris, and others with them.
Acts 18:1	After these things Paul departed from Athens, and came to Corinth;
Acts 18:2	And found a certain Jew named Aquila, born in Pontus, lately come from Italy, with his wife Priscilla; (because that Claudius had commanded all Jews to depart from Rome:) and came unto them.
Acts 18:3	And because he was of the same craft, he abode with them, and wrought: for by their occupation they were tentmakers.
Acts 18:4	And he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath, and persuaded the Jews and the Greeks.
Acts 18:5	And when Silas and Timotheus were come from Macedonia, Paul was pressed in the spirit, and testified to the Jews [that] Jesus [was] Christ.
Acts 18:6	And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook [his] raiment, and said unto them, Your blood [be] upon your own heads; I [am] clean: from henceforth I will go unto the Gentiles.
Acts 18:7	And he departed thence, and entered into a certain [man’s] house, named Justus, [one] that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue.
Acts 18:8	And Crispus, the chief ruler of the synagogue, believed on the Lord with all his house; and many of the Corinthians hearing believed, and were baptized.
Acts 18:9	Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace:
Acts 18:10	For I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee: for I have much people in this city.
Acts 18:11	And he continued [there] a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them.
Acts 18:12	And when Gallio was the deputy of Achaia, the Jews made insurrection with one accord against Paul, and brought him to the judgment seat,
Acts 18:13	Saying, This [fellow] persuadeth men to worship God contrary to the law.
Acts 18:14	And when Paul was now about to open [his] mouth, Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O [ye] Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:
Acts 18:15	But if it be a question of words and names, and [of] your law, look ye [to it]; for I will be no judge of such [matters].
Acts 18:16	And he drave them from the judgment seat.
Acts 18:17	Then all the Greeks took Sosthenes, the chief ruler of the synagogue, and beat [him] before the judgment seat. And Gallio cared for none of those things.
Acts 18:18	And Paul [after this] tarried [there] yet a good while, and then took his leave of the brethren, and sailed thence into Syria, and with him Priscilla and Aquila; having shorn [his] head in Cenchrea: for he had a vow.
Acts 18:19	And he came to Ephesus, and left them there: but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews.
Acts 18:20	When they desired [him] to tarry longer time with them, he consented not;
Acts 18:21	But bade them farewell, saying, I must by all means keep this feast that cometh in Jerusalem: but I will return again unto you, if God will. And he sailed from Ephesus.
Acts 18:22	And when he had landed at Caesarea, and gone up, and saluted the church, he went down to Antioch.
Acts 18:23	And after he had spent some time [there], he departed, and went over [all] the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples.
Acts 18:24	And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, [and] mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus.
Acts 18:25	This man was instructed in the way of the Lord; and being fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John.
Acts 18:26	And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto [them], and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly.
Acts 18:27	And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:
Acts 18:28	For he mightily convinced the Jews, [and that] publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ.
Acts 19:1	And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,
Acts 19:2	He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.
Acts 19:3	And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John’s baptism.
Acts 19:4	Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.
Acts 19:5	When they heard [this], they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.
Acts 19:6	And when Paul had laid [his] hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.
Acts 19:7	And all the men were about twelve.
Acts 19:8	And he went into the synagogue, and spake boldly for the space of three months, disputing and persuading the things concerning the kingdom of God.
Acts 19:9	But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil of that way before the multitude, he departed from them, and separated the disciples, disputing daily in the school of one Tyrannus.
Acts 19:10	And this continued by the space of two years; so that all they which dwelt in Asia heard the word of the Lord Jesus, both Jews and Greeks.
Acts 19:11	And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul:
Acts 19:12	So that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them.
Acts 19:13	Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the Lord Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preacheth.
Acts 19:14	And there were seven sons of [one] Sceva, a Jew, [and] chief of the priests, which did so.
Acts 19:15	And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye?
Acts 19:16	And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them, and overcame them, and prevailed against them, so that they fled out of that house naked and wounded.
Acts 19:17	And this was known to all the Jews and Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus; and fear fell on them all, and the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified.
Acts 19:18	And many that believed came, and confessed, and shewed their deeds.
Acts 19:19	Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together, and burned them before all [men]: and they counted the price of them, and found [it] fifty thousand [pieces] of silver.
Acts 19:20	So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed.
Acts 19:21	After these things were ended, Paul purposed in the spirit, when he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia, to go to Jerusalem, saying, After I have been there, I must also see Rome.
Acts 19:22	So he sent into Macedonia two of them that ministered unto him, Timotheus and Erastus; but he himself stayed in Asia for a season.
Acts 19:23	And the same time there arose no small stir about that way.
Acts 19:24	For a certain [man] named Demetrius, a silversmith, which made silver shrines for Diana, brought no small gain unto the craftsmen;
Acts 19:25	Whom he called together with the workmen of like occupation, and said, Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth.
Acts 19:26	Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul hath persuaded and turned away much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands:
Acts 19:27	So that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of the great goddess Diana should be despised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshippeth.
Acts 19:28	And when they heard [these sayings], they were full of wrath, and cried out, saying, Great [is] Diana of the Ephesians.
Acts 19:29	And the whole city was filled with confusion: and having caught Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul’s companions in travel, they rushed with one accord into the theatre.
Acts 19:30	And when Paul would have entered in unto the people, the disciples suffered him not.
Acts 19:31	And certain of the chief of Asia, which were his friends, sent unto him, desiring [him] that he would not adventure himself into the theatre.
Acts 19:32	Some therefore cried one thing, and some another: for the assembly was confused; and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together.
Acts 19:33	And they drew Alexander out of the multitude, the Jews putting him forward. And Alexander beckoned with the hand, and would have made his defence unto the people.
Acts 19:34	But when they knew that he was a Jew, all with one voice about the space of two hours cried out, Great [is] Diana of the Ephesians.
Acts 19:35	And when the townclerk had appeased the people, he said, [Ye] men of Ephesus, what man is there that knoweth not how that the city of the Ephesians is a worshipper of the great goddess Diana, and of the [image] which fell down from Jupiter?
Acts 19:36	Seeing then that these things cannot be spoken against, ye ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rashly.
Acts 19:37	For ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess.
Acts 19:38	Wherefore if Demetrius, and the craftsmen which are with him, have a matter against any man, the law is open, and there are deputies: let them implead one another.
Acts 19:39	But if ye inquire any thing concerning other matters, it shall be determined in a lawful assembly.
Acts 19:40	For we are in danger to be called in question for this day’s uproar, there being no cause whereby we may give an account of this concourse.
Acts 19:41	And when he had thus spoken, he dismissed the assembly.
Acts 20:1	And after the uproar was ceased, Paul called unto [him] the disciples, and embraced [them], and departed for to go into Macedonia.
Acts 20:2	And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece,
Acts 20:3	And [there] abode three months. And when the Jews laid wait for him, as he was about to sail into Syria, he purposed to return through Macedonia.
Acts 20:4	And there accompanied him into Asia Sopater of Berea; and of the Thessalonians, Aristarchus and Secundus; and Gaius of Derbe, and Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
Acts 20:5	These going before tarried for us at Troas.
Acts 20:6	And we sailed away from Philippi after the days of unleavened bread, and came unto them to Troas in five days; where we abode seven days.
Acts 20:7	And upon the first [day] of the week, when the disciples came together to break bread, Paul preached unto them, ready to depart on the morrow; and continued his speech until midnight.
Acts 20:8	And there were many lights in the upper chamber, where they were gathered together.
Acts 20:9	And there sat in a window a certain young man named Eutychus, being fallen into a deep sleep: and as Paul was long preaching, he sunk down with sleep, and fell down from the third loft, and was taken up dead.
Acts 20:10	And Paul went down, and fell on him, and embracing [him] said, Trouble not yourselves; for his life is in him.
Acts 20:11	When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so he departed.
Acts 20:12	And they brought the young man alive, and were not a little comforted.
Acts 20:13	And we went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there intending to take in Paul: for so had he appointed, minding himself to go afoot.
Acts 20:14	And when he met with us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene.
Acts 20:15	And we sailed thence, and came the next [day] over against Chios; and the next [day] we arrived at Samos, and tarried at Trogyllium; and the next [day] we came to Miletus.
Acts 20:16	For Paul had determined to sail by Ephesus, because he would not spend the time in Asia: for he hasted, if it were possible for him, to be at Jerusalem the day of Pentecost.
Acts 20:17	And from Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called the elders of the church.
Acts 20:18	And when they were come to him, he said unto them, Ye know, from the first day that I came into Asia, after what manner I have been with you at all seasons,
Acts 20:19	Serving the Lord with all humility of mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the lying in wait of the Jews:
Acts 20:20	[And] how I kept back nothing that was profitable [unto you], but have shewed you, and have taught you publickly, and from house to house,
Acts 20:21	Testifying both to the Jews, and also to the Greeks, repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ.
Acts 20:22	And now, behold, I go bound in the spirit unto Jerusalem, not knowing the things that shall befall me there:
Acts 20:23	Save that the Holy Ghost witnesseth in every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.
Acts 20:24	But none of these things move me, neither count I my life dear unto myself, so that I might finish my course with joy, and the ministry, which I have received of the Lord Jesus, to testify the gospel of the grace of God.
Acts 20:25	And now, behold, I know that ye all, among whom I have gone preaching the kingdom of God, shall see my face no more.
Acts 20:26	Wherefore I take you to record this day, that I [am] pure from the blood of all [men].
Acts 20:27	For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God.
Acts 20:28	Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.
Acts 20:29	For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock.
Acts 20:30	Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them.
Acts 20:31	Therefore watch, and remember, that by the space of three years I ceased not to warn every one night and day with tears.
Acts 20:32	And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.
Acts 20:33	I have coveted no man’s silver, or gold, or apparel.
Acts 20:34	Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me.
Acts 20:35	I have shewed you all things, how that so labouring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how he said, It is more blessed to give than to receive.
Acts 20:36	And when he had thus spoken, he kneeled down, and prayed with them all.
Acts 20:37	And they all wept sore, and fell on Paul’s neck, and kissed him,
Acts 20:38	Sorrowing most of all for the words which he spake, that they should see his face no more. And they accompanied him unto the ship.
Acts 21:1	And it came to pass, that after we were gotten from them, and had launched, we came with a straight course unto Coos, and the [day] following unto Rhodes, and from thence unto Patara:
Acts 21:2	And finding a ship sailing over unto Phenicia, we went aboard, and set forth.
Acts 21:3	Now when we had discovered Cyprus, we left it on the left hand, and sailed into Syria, and landed at Tyre: for there the ship was to unlade her burden.
Acts 21:4	And finding disciples, we tarried there seven days: who said to Paul through the Spirit, that he should not go up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:5	And when we had accomplished those days, we departed and went our way; and they all brought us on our way, with wives and children, till [we were] out of the city: and we kneeled down on the shore, and prayed.
Acts 21:6	And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and they returned home again.
Acts 21:7	And when we had finished [our] course from Tyre, we came to Ptolemais, and saluted the brethren, and abode with them one day.
Acts 21:8	And the next [day] we that were of Paul’s company departed, and came unto Caesarea: and we entered into the house of Philip the evangelist, which was [one] of the seven; and abode with him.
Acts 21:9	And the same man had four daughters, virgins, which did prophesy.
Acts 21:10	And as we tarried [there] many days, there came down from Judaea a certain prophet, named Agabus.
Acts 21:11	And when he was come unto us, he took Paul’s girdle, and bound his own hands and feet, and said, Thus saith the Holy Ghost, So shall the Jews at Jerusalem bind the man that owneth this girdle, and shall deliver [him] into the hands of the Gentiles.
Acts 21:12	And when we heard these things, both we, and they of that place, besought him not to go up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:13	Then Paul answered, What mean ye to weep and to break mine heart? for I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die at Jerusalem for the name of the Lord Jesus.
Acts 21:14	And when he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The will of the Lord be done.
Acts 21:15	And after those days we took up our carriages, and went up to Jerusalem.
Acts 21:16	There went with us also [certain] of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge.
Acts 21:17	And when we were come to Jerusalem, the brethren received us gladly.
Acts 21:18	And the [day] following Paul went in with us unto James; and all the elders were present.
Acts 21:19	And when he had saluted them, he declared particularly what things God had wrought among the Gentiles by his ministry.
Acts 21:20	And when they heard [it], they glorified the Lord, and said unto him, Thou seest, brother, how many thousands of Jews there are which believe; and they are all zealous of the law:
Acts 21:21	And they are informed of thee, that thou teachest all the Jews which are among the Gentiles to forsake Moses, saying that they ought not to circumcise [their] children, neither to walk after the customs.
Acts 21:22	What is it therefore? the multitude must needs come together: for they will hear that thou art come.
Acts 21:23	Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which have a vow on them;
Acts 21:24	Them take, and purify thyself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave [their] heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but [that] thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law.
Acts 21:25	As touching the Gentiles which believe, we have written [and] concluded that they observe no such thing, save only that they keep themselves from [things] offered to idols, and from blood, and from strangled, and from fornication.
Acts 21:26	Then Paul took the men, and the next day purifying himself with them entered into the temple, to signify the accomplishment of the days of purification, until that an offering should be offered for every one of them.
Acts 21:27	And when the seven days were almost ended, the Jews which were of Asia, when they saw him in the temple, stirred up all the people, and laid hands on him,
Acts 21:28	Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is the man, that teacheth all [men] every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple, and hath polluted this holy place.
Acts 21:29	(For they had seen before with him in the city Trophimus an Ephesian, whom they supposed that Paul had brought into the temple.)
Acts 21:30	And all the city was moved, and the people ran together: and they took Paul, and drew him out of the temple: and forthwith the doors were shut.
Acts 21:31	And as they went about to kill him, tidings came unto the chief captain of the band, that all Jerusalem was in an uproar.
Acts 21:32	Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto them: and when they saw the chief captain and the soldiers, they left beating of Paul.
Acts 21:33	Then the chief captain came near, and took him, and commanded [him] to be bound with two chains; and demanded who he was, and what he had done.
Acts 21:34	And some cried one thing, some another, among the multitude: and when he could not know the certainty for the tumult, he commanded him to be carried into the castle.
Acts 21:35	And when he came upon the stairs, so it was, that he was borne of the soldiers for the violence of the people.
Acts 21:36	For the multitude of the people followed after, crying, Away with him.
Acts 21:37	And as Paul was to be led into the castle, he said unto the chief captain, May I speak unto thee? Who said, Canst thou speak Greek?
Acts 21:38	Art not thou that Egyptian, which before these days madest an uproar, and leddest out into the wilderness four thousand men that were murderers?
Acts 21:39	But Paul said, I am a man [which am] a Jew of Tarsus, [a city] in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city: and, I beseech thee, suffer me to speak unto the people.
Acts 21:40	And when he had given him licence, Paul stood on the stairs, and beckoned with the hand unto the people. And when there was made a great silence, he spake unto [them] in the Hebrew tongue, saying,
Acts 22:1	Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defence [which I make] now unto you.
Acts 22:2	(And when they heard that he spake in the Hebrew tongue to them, they kept the more silence: and he saith,)
Acts 22:3	I am verily a man [which am] a Jew, born in Tarsus, [a city] in Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, [and] taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous toward God, as ye all are this day.
Acts 22:4	And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women.
Acts 22:5	As also the high priest doth bear me witness, and all the estate of the elders: from whom also I received letters unto the brethren, and went to Damascus, to bring them which were there bound unto Jerusalem, for to be punished.
Acts 22:6	And it came to pass, that, as I made my journey, and was come nigh unto Damascus about noon, suddenly there shone from heaven a great light round about me.
Acts 22:7	And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?
Acts 22:8	And I answered, Who art thou, Lord? And he said unto me, I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest.
Acts 22:9	And they that were with me saw indeed the light, and were afraid; but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me.
Acts 22:10	And I said, What shall I do, Lord? And the Lord said unto me, Arise, and go into Damascus; and there it shall be told thee of all things which are appointed for thee to do.
Acts 22:11	And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus.
Acts 22:12	And one Ananias, a devout man according to the law, having a good report of all the Jews which dwelt [there],
Acts 22:13	Came unto me, and stood, and said unto me, Brother Saul, receive thy sight. And the same hour I looked up upon him.
Acts 22:14	And he said, The God of our fathers hath chosen thee, that thou shouldest know his will, and see that Just One, and shouldest hear the voice of his mouth.
Acts 22:15	For thou shalt be his witness unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard.
Acts 22:16	And now why tarriest thou? arise, and be baptized, and wash away thy sins, calling on the name of the Lord.
Acts 22:17	And it came to pass, that, when I was come again to Jerusalem, even while I prayed in the temple, I was in a trance;
Acts 22:18	And saw him saying unto me, Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem: for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me.
Acts 22:19	And I said, Lord, they know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee:
Acts 22:20	And when the blood of thy martyr Stephen was shed, I also was standing by, and consenting unto his death, and kept the raiment of them that slew him.
Acts 22:21	And he said unto me, Depart: for I will send thee far hence unto the Gentiles.
Acts 22:22	And they gave him audience unto this word, and [then] lifted up their voices, and said, Away with such a [fellow] from the earth: for it is not fit that he should live.
Acts 22:23	And as they cried out, and cast off [their] clothes, and threw dust into the air,
Acts 22:24	The chief captain commanded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging; that he might know wherefore they cried so against him.
Acts 22:25	And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centurion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncondemned?
Acts 22:26	When the centurion heard [that], he went and told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest: for this man is a Roman.
Acts 22:27	Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea.
Acts 22:28	And the chief captain answered, With a great sum obtained I this freedom. And Paul said, But I was [free] born.
Acts 22:29	Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because he had bound him.
Acts 22:30	On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty wherefore he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from [his] bands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them.
Acts 23:1	And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men [and] brethren, I have lived in all good conscience before God until this day.
Acts 23:2	And the high priest Ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth.
Acts 23:3	Then said Paul unto him, God shall smite thee, [thou] whited wall: for sittest thou to judge me after the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law?
Acts 23:4	And they that stood by said, Revilest thou God’s high priest?
Acts 23:5	Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high priest: for it is written, Thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people.
Acts 23:6	But when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees, he cried out in the council, Men [and] brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question.
Acts 23:7	And when he had so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees: and the multitude was divided.
Acts 23:8	For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor spirit: but the Pharisees confess both.
Acts 23:9	And there arose a great cry: and the scribes [that were] of the Pharisees’ part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this man: but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him, let us not fight against God.
Acts 23:10	And when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down, and to take him by force from among them, and to bring [him] into the castle.
Acts 23:11	And the night following the Lord stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer, Paul: for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome.
Acts 23:12	And when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had killed Paul.
Acts 23:13	And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy.
Acts 23:14	And they came to the chief priests and elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, that we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul.
Acts 23:15	Now therefore ye with the council signify to the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would inquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near, are ready to kill him.
Acts 23:16	And when Paul’s sister’s son heard of their lying in wait, he went and entered into the castle, and told Paul.
Acts 23:17	Then Paul called one of the centurions unto [him], and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a certain thing to tell him.
Acts 23:18	So he took him, and brought [him] to the chief captain, and said, Paul the prisoner called me unto [him], and prayed me to bring this young man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee.
Acts 23:19	Then the chief captain took him by the hand, and went [with him] aside privately, and asked [him], What is that thou hast to tell me?
Acts 23:20	And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would inquire somewhat of him more perfectly.
Acts 23:21	But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait for him of them more than forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they ready, looking for a promise from thee.
Acts 23:22	So the chief captain [then] let the young man depart, and charged [him, See thou] tell no man that thou hast shewed these things to me.
Acts 23:23	And he called unto [him] two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen threescore and ten, and spearmen two hundred, at the third hour of the night;
Acts 23:24	And provide [them] beasts, that they may set Paul on, and bring [him] safe unto Felix the governor.
Acts 23:25	And he wrote a letter after this manner:
Acts 23:26	Claudius Lysias unto the most excellent governor Felix [sendeth] greeting.
Acts 23:27	This man was taken of the Jews, and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, having understood that he was a Roman.
Acts 23:28	And when I would have known the cause wherefore they accused him, I brought him forth into their council:
Acts 23:29	Whom I perceived to be accused of questions of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds.
Acts 23:30	And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before thee what [they had] against him. Farewell.
Acts 23:31	Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them, took Paul, and brought [him] by night to Antipatris.
Acts 23:32	On the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:
Acts 23:33	Who, when they came to Caesarea, and delivered the epistle to the governor, presented Paul also before him.
Acts 23:34	And when the governor had read [the letter], he asked of what province he was. And when he understood that [he was] of Cilicia;
Acts 23:35	I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod’s judgment hall.
Acts 24:1	And after five days Ananias the high priest descended with the elders, and [with] a certain orator [named] Tertullus, who informed the governor against Paul.
Acts 24:2	And when he was called forth, Tertullus began to accuse [him], saying, Seeing that by thee we enjoy great quietness, and that very worthy deeds are done unto this nation by thy providence,
Acts 24:3	We accept [it] always, and in all places, most noble Felix, with all thankfulness.
Acts 24:4	Notwithstanding, that I be not further tedious unto thee, I pray thee that thou wouldest hear us of thy clemency a few words.
Acts 24:5	For we have found this man [a] pestilent [fellow], and a mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarenes:
Acts 24:6	Who also hath gone about to profane the temple: whom we took, and would have judged according to our law.
Acts 24:7	But the chief captain Lysias came [upon us], and with great violence took [him] away out of our hands,
Acts 24:8	Commanding his accusers to come unto thee: by examining of whom thyself mayest take knowledge of all these things, whereof we accuse him.
Acts 24:9	And the Jews also assented, saying that these things were so.
Acts 24:10	Then Paul, after that the governor had beckoned unto him to speak, answered, Forasmuch as I know that thou hast been of many years a judge unto this nation, I do the more cheerfully answer for myself:
Acts 24:11	Because that thou mayest understand, that there are yet but twelve days since I went up to Jerusalem for to worship.
Acts 24:12	And they neither found me in the temple disputing with any man, neither raising up the people, neither in the synagogues, nor in the city:
Acts 24:13	Neither can they prove the things whereof they now accuse me.
Acts 24:14	But this I confess unto thee, that after the way which they call heresy, so worship I the God of my fathers, believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets:
Acts 24:15	And have hope toward God, which they themselves also allow, that there shall be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.
Acts 24:16	And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void of offence toward God, and [toward] men.
Acts 24:17	Now after many years I came to bring alms to my nation, and offerings.
Acts 24:18	Whereupon certain Jews from Asia found me purified in the temple, neither with multitude, nor with tumult.
Acts 24:19	Who ought to have been here before thee, and object, if they had ought against me.
Acts 24:20	Or else let these same [here] say, if they have found any evil doing in me, while I stood before the council,
Acts 24:21	Except it be for this one voice, that I cried standing among them, Touching the resurrection of the dead I am called in question by you this day.
Acts 24:22	And when Felix heard these things, having more perfect knowledge of [that] way, he deferred them, and said, When Lysias the chief captain shall come down, I will know the uttermost of your matter.
Acts 24:23	And he commanded a centurion to keep Paul, and to let [him] have liberty, and that he should forbid none of his acquaintance to minister or come unto him.
Acts 24:24	And after certain days, when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him concerning the faith in Christ.
Acts 24:25	And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled, and answered, Go thy way for this time; when I have a convenient season, I will call for thee.
Acts 24:26	He hoped also that money should have been given him of Paul, that he might loose him: wherefore he sent for him the oftener, and communed with him.
Acts 24:27	But after two years Porcius Festus came into Felix’ room: and Felix, willing to shew the Jews a pleasure, left Paul bound.
Acts 25:1	Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from Caesarea to Jerusalem.
Acts 25:2	Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against Paul, and besought him,
Acts 25:3	And desired favour against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem, laying wait in the way to kill him.
Acts 25:4	But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly [thither].
Acts 25:5	Let them therefore, said he, which among you are able, go down with [me], and accuse this man, if there be any wickedness in him.
Acts 25:6	And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down unto Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be brought.
Acts 25:7	And when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about, and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not prove.
Acts 25:8	While he answered for himself, Neither against the law of the Jews, neither against the temple, nor yet against Caesar, have I offended any thing at all.
Acts 25:9	But Festus, willing to do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me?
Acts 25:10	Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar’s judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest.
Acts 25:11	For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar.
Acts 25:12	Then Festus, when he had conferred with the council, answered, Hast thou appealed unto Caesar? unto Caesar shalt thou go.
Acts 25:13	And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea to salute Festus.
Acts 25:14	And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul’s cause unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:
Acts 25:15	About whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed [me], desiring [to have] judgment against him.
Acts 25:16	To whom I answered, It is not the manner of the Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the accusers face to face, and have licence to answer for himself concerning the crime laid against him.
Acts 25:17	Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the man to be brought forth.
Acts 25:18	Against whom when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such things as I supposed:
Acts 25:19	But had certain questions against him of their own superstition, and of one Jesus, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive.
Acts 25:20	And because I doubted of such manner of questions, I asked [him] whether he would go to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters.
Acts 25:21	But when Paul had appealed to be reserved unto the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might send him to Caesar.
Acts 25:22	Then Agrippa said unto Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him.
Acts 25:23	And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus’ commandment Paul was brought forth.
Acts 25:24	And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present with us, ye see this man, about whom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me, both at Jerusalem, and [also] here, crying that he ought not to live any longer.
Acts 25:25	But when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death, and that he himself hath appealed to Augustus, I have determined to send him.
Acts 25:26	Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might have somewhat to write.
Acts 25:27	For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not withal to signify the crimes [laid] against him.
Acts 26:1	Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Thou art permitted to speak for thyself. Then Paul stretched forth the hand, and answered for himself:
Acts 26:2	I think myself happy, king Agrippa, because I shall answer for myself this day before thee touching all the things whereof I am accused of the Jews:
Acts 26:3	Especially [because I know] thee to be expert in all customs and questions which are among the Jews: wherefore I beseech thee to hear me patiently.
Acts 26:4	My manner of life from my youth, which was at the first among mine own nation at Jerusalem, know all the Jews;
Acts 26:5	Which knew me from the beginning, if they would testify, that after the most straitest sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee.
Acts 26:6	And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise made of God unto our fathers:
Acts 26:7	Unto which [promise] our twelve tribes, instantly serving [God] day and night, hope to come. For which hope’s sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews.
Acts 26:8	Why should it be thought a thing incredible with you, that God should raise the dead?
Acts 26:9	I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth.
Acts 26:10	Which thing I also did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, having received authority from the chief priests; and when they were put to death, I gave my voice against [them].
Acts 26:11	And I punished them oft in every synagogue, and compelled [them] to blaspheme; and being exceedingly mad against them, I persecuted [them] even unto strange cities.
Acts 26:12	Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests,
Acts 26:13	At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me.
Acts 26:14	And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? [it is] hard for thee to kick against the pricks.
Acts 26:15	And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest.
Acts 26:16	But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee;
Acts 26:17	Delivering thee from the people, and [from] the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee,
Acts 26:18	To open their eyes, [and] to turn [them] from darkness to light, and [from] the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me.
Acts 26:19	Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision:
Acts 26:20	But shewed first unto them of Damascus, and at Jerusalem, and throughout all the coasts of Judaea, and [then] to the Gentiles, that they should repent and turn to God, and do works meet for repentance.
Acts 26:21	For these causes the Jews caught me in the temple, and went about to kill [me].
Acts 26:22	Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come:
Acts 26:23	That Christ should suffer, [and] that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should shew light unto the people, and to the Gentiles.
Acts 26:24	And as he thus spake for himself, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, thou art beside thyself; much learning doth make thee mad.
Acts 26:25	But he said, I am not mad, most noble Festus; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness.
Acts 26:26	For the king knoweth of these things, before whom also I speak freely: for I am persuaded that none of these things are hidden from him; for this thing was not done in a corner.
Acts 26:27	King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest.
Acts 26:28	Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian.
Acts 26:29	And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both almost, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds.
Acts 26:30	And when he had thus spoken, the king rose up, and the governor, and Bernice, and they that sat with them:
Acts 26:31	And when they were gone aside, they talked between themselves, saying, This man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds.
Acts 26:32	Then said Agrippa unto Festus, This man might have been set at liberty, if he had not appealed unto Caesar.
Acts 27:1	And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto [one] named Julius, a centurion of Augustus’ band.
Acts 27:2	And entering into a ship of Adramyttium, we launched, meaning to sail by the coasts of Asia; [one] Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us.
Acts 27:3	And the next [day] we touched at Sidon. And Julius courteously entreated Paul, and gave [him] liberty to go unto his friends to refresh himself.
Acts 27:4	And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.
Acts 27:5	And when we had sailed over the sea of Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, [a city] of Lycia.
Acts 27:6	And there the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing into Italy; and he put us therein.
Acts 27:7	And when we had sailed slowly many days, and scarce were come over against Cnidus, the wind not suffering us, we sailed under Crete, over against Salmone;
Acts 27:8	And, hardly passing it, came unto a place which is called The fair havens; nigh whereunto was the city [of] Lasea.
Acts 27:9	Now when much time was spent, and when sailing was now dangerous, because the fast was now already past, Paul admonished [them],
Acts 27:10	And said unto them, Sirs, I perceive that this voyage will be with hurt and much damage, not only of the lading and ship, but also of our lives.
Acts 27:11	Nevertheless the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship, more than those things which were spoken by Paul.
Acts 27:12	And because the haven was not commodious to winter in, the more part advised to depart thence also, if by any means they might attain to Phenice, [and there] to winter; [which is] an haven of Crete, and lieth toward the south west and north west.
Acts 27:13	And when the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained [their] purpose, loosing [thence], they sailed close by Crete.
Acts 27:14	But not long after there arose against it a tempestuous wind, called Euroclydon.
Acts 27:15	And when the ship was caught, and could not bear up into the wind, we let [her] drive.
Acts 27:16	And running under a certain island which is called Clauda, we had much work to come by the boat:
Acts 27:17	Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven.
Acts 27:18	And we being exceedingly tossed with a tempest, the next [day] they lightened the ship;
Acts 27:19	And the third [day] we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship.
Acts 27:20	And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on [us], all hope that we should be saved was then taken away.
Acts 27:21	But after long abstinence Paul stood forth in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed from Crete, and to have gained this harm and loss.
Acts 27:22	And now I exhort you to be of good cheer: for there shall be no loss of [any man’s] life among you, but of the ship.
Acts 27:23	For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve,
Acts 27:24	Saying, Fear not, Paul; thou must be brought before Caesar: and, lo, God hath given thee all them that sail with thee.
Acts 27:25	Wherefore, sirs, be of good cheer: for I believe God, that it shall be even as it was told me.
Acts 27:26	Howbeit we must be cast upon a certain island.
Acts 27:27	But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down in Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country;
Acts 27:28	And sounded, and found [it] twenty fathoms: and when they had gone a little further, they sounded again, and found [it] fifteen fathoms.
Acts 27:29	Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.
Acts 27:30	And as the shipmen were about to flee out of the ship, when they had let down the boat into the sea, under colour as though they would have cast anchors out of the foreship,
Acts 27:31	Paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers, Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved.
Acts 27:32	Then the soldiers cut off the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off.
Acts 27:33	And while the day was coming on, Paul besought [them] all to take meat, saying, This day is the fourteenth day that ye have tarried and continued fasting, having taken nothing.
Acts 27:34	Wherefore I pray you to take [some] meat: for this is for your health: for there shall not an hair fall from the head of any of you.
Acts 27:35	And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken [it], he began to eat.
Acts 27:36	Then were they all of good cheer, and they also took [some] meat.
Acts 27:37	And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls.
Acts 27:38	And when they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, and cast out the wheat into the sea.
Acts 27:39	And when it was day, they knew not the land: but they discovered a certain creek with a shore, into the which they were minded, if it were possible, to thrust in the ship.
Acts 27:40	And when they had taken up the anchors, they committed [themselves] unto the sea, and loosed the rudder bands, and hoised up the mainsail to the wind, and made toward shore.
Acts 27:41	And falling into a place where two seas met, they ran the ship aground; and the forepart stuck fast, and remained unmoveable, but the hinder part was broken with the violence of the waves.
Acts 27:42	And the soldiers’ counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape.
Acts 27:43	But the centurion, willing to save Paul, kept them from [their] purpose; and commanded that they which could swim should cast [themselves] first [into the sea], and get to land:
Acts 27:44	And the rest, some on boards, and some on [broken pieces] of the ship. And so it came to pass, that they escaped all safe to land.
Acts 28:1	And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called Melita.
Acts 28:2	And the barbarous people shewed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold.
Acts 28:3	And when Paul had gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid [them] on the fire, there came a viper out of the heat, and fastened on his hand.
Acts 28:4	And when the barbarians saw the [venomous] beast hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer, whom, though he hath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live.
Acts 28:5	And he shook off the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.
Acts 28:6	Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen, or fallen down dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god.
Acts 28:7	In the same quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously.
Acts 28:8	And it came to pass, that the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux: to whom Paul entered in, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him.
Acts 28:9	So when this was done, others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed:
Acts 28:10	Who also honoured us with many honours; and when we departed, they laded [us] with such things as were necessary.
Acts 28:11	And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria, which had wintered in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux.
Acts 28:12	And landing at Syracuse, we tarried [there] three days.
Acts 28:13	And from thence we fetched a compass, and came to Rhegium: and after one day the south wind blew, and we came the next day to Puteoli:
Acts 28:14	Where we found brethren, and were desired to tarry with them seven days: and so we went toward Rome.
Acts 28:15	And from thence, when the brethren heard of us, they came to meet us as far as Appii forum, and The three taverns: whom when Paul saw, he thanked God, and took courage.
Acts 28:16	And when we came to Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him.
Acts 28:17	And it came to pass, that after three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come together, he said unto them, Men [and] brethren, though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans.
Acts 28:18	Who, when they had examined me, would have let [me] go, because there was no cause of death in me.
Acts 28:19	But when the Jews spake against [it], I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar; not that I had ought to accuse my nation of.
Acts 28:20	For this cause therefore have I called for you, to see [you], and to speak with [you]: because that for the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain.
Acts 28:21	And they said unto him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee.
Acts 28:22	But we desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is spoken against.
Acts 28:23	And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into [his] lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses, and [out of] the prophets, from morning till evening.
Acts 28:24	And some believed the things which were spoken, and some believed not.
Acts 28:25	And when they agreed not among themselves, they departed, after that Paul had spoken one word, Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our fathers,
Acts 28:26	Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive:
Acts 28:27	For the heart of this people is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they closed; lest they should see with [their] eyes, and hear with [their] ears, and understand with [their] heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.
Acts 28:28	Be it known therefore unto you, that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and [that] they will hear it.
Acts 28:29	And when he had said these words, the Jews departed, and had great reasoning among themselves.
Acts 28:30	And Paul dwelt two whole years in his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him,
Acts 28:31	Preaching the kingdom of God, and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ, with all confidence, no man forbidding him.
Romans 1:1	Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called [to be] an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God,
Romans 1:2	(Which he had promised afore by his prophets in the holy scriptures,)
Romans 1:3	Concerning his Son Jesus Christ our Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh;
Romans 1:4	And declared [to be] the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead:
Romans 1:5	By whom we have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name:
Romans 1:6	Among whom are ye also the called of Jesus Christ:
Romans 1:7	To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called [to be] saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 1:8	First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for you all, that your faith is spoken of throughout the whole world.
Romans 1:9	For God is my witness, whom I serve with my spirit in the gospel of his Son, that without ceasing I make mention of you always in my prayers;
Romans 1:10	Making request, if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you.
Romans 1:11	For I long to see you, that I may impart unto you some spiritual gift, to the end ye may be established;
Romans 1:12	That is, that I may be comforted together with you by the mutual faith both of you and me.
Romans 1:13	Now I would not have you ignorant, brethren, that oftentimes I purposed to come unto you, (but was let hitherto,) that I might have some fruit among you also, even as among other Gentiles.
Romans 1:14	I am debtor both to the Greeks, and to the Barbarians; both to the wise, and to the unwise.
Romans 1:15	So, as much as in me is, I am ready to preach the gospel to you that are at Rome also.
Romans 1:16	For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.
Romans 1:17	For therein is the righteousness of God revealed from faith to faith: as it is written, The just shall live by faith.
Romans 1:18	For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who hold the truth in unrighteousness;
Romans 1:19	Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed [it] unto them.
Romans 1:20	For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, [even] his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:
Romans 1:21	Because that, when they knew God, they glorified [him] not as God, neither were thankful; but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened.
Romans 1:22	Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,
Romans 1:23	And changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man, and to birds, and fourfooted beasts, and creeping things.
Romans 1:24	Wherefore God also gave them up to uncleanness through the lusts of their own hearts, to dishonour their own bodies between themselves:
Romans 1:25	Who changed the truth of God into a lie, and worshipped and served the creature more than the Creator, who is blessed for ever. Amen.
Romans 1:26	For this cause God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature:
Romans 1:27	And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the woman, burned in their lust one toward another; men with men working that which is unseemly, and receiving in themselves that recompence of their error which was meet.
Romans 1:28	And even as they did not like to retain God in [their] knowledge, God gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those things which are not convenient;
Romans 1:29	Being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers,
Romans 1:30	Backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,
Romans 1:31	Without understanding, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful:
Romans 1:32	Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them.
Romans 2:1	Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.
Romans 2:2	But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.
Romans 2:3	And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?
Romans 2:4	Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance?
Romans 2:5	But after thy hardness and impenitent heart treasurest up unto thyself wrath against the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;
Romans 2:6	Who will render to every man according to his deeds:
Romans 2:7	To them who by patient continuance in well doing seek for glory and honour and immortality, eternal life:
Romans 2:8	But unto them that are contentious, and do not obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, indignation and wrath,
Romans 2:9	Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of the Jew first, and also of the Gentile;
Romans 2:10	But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:
Romans 2:11	For there is no respect of persons with God.
Romans 2:12	For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;
Romans 2:13	(For not the hearers of the law [are] just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.
Romans 2:14	For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:
Romans 2:15	Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and [their] thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)
Romans 2:16	In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.
Romans 2:17	Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,
Romans 2:18	And knowest [his] will, and approvest the things that are more excellent, being instructed out of the law;
Romans 2:19	And art confident that thou thyself art a guide of the blind, a light of them which are in darkness,
Romans 2:20	An instructor of the foolish, a teacher of babes, which hast the form of knowledge and of the truth in the law.
Romans 2:21	Thou therefore which teachest another, teachest thou not thyself? thou that preachest a man should not steal, dost thou steal?
Romans 2:22	Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?
Romans 2:23	Thou that makest thy boast of the law, through breaking the law dishonourest thou God?
Romans 2:24	For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles through you, as it is written.
Romans 2:25	For circumcision verily profiteth, if thou keep the law: but if thou be a breaker of the law, thy circumcision is made uncircumcision.
Romans 2:26	Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?
Romans 2:27	And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law, judge thee, who by the letter and circumcision dost transgress the law?
Romans 2:28	For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither [is that] circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:
Romans 2:29	But he [is] a Jew, which is one inwardly; and circumcision [is that] of the heart, in the spirit, [and] not in the letter; whose praise [is] not of men, but of God.
Romans 3:1	What advantage then hath the Jew? or what profit [is there] of circumcision?
Romans 3:2	Much every way: chiefly, because that unto them were committed the oracles of God.
Romans 3:3	For what if some did not believe? shall their unbelief make the faith of God without effect?
Romans 3:4	God forbid: yea, let God be true, but every man a liar; as it is written, That thou mightest be justified in thy sayings, and mightest overcome when thou art judged.
Romans 3:5	But if our unrighteousness commend the righteousness of God, what shall we say? [Is] God unrighteous who taketh vengeance? (I speak as a man)
Romans 3:6	God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?
Romans 3:7	For if the truth of God hath more abounded through my lie unto his glory; why yet am I also judged as a sinner?
Romans 3:8	And not [rather], (as we be slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do evil, that good may come? whose damnation is just.
Romans 3:9	What then? are we better [than they]? No, in no wise: for we have before proved both Jews and Gentiles, that they are all under sin;
Romans 3:10	As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:
Romans 3:11	There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God.
Romans 3:12	They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one.
Romans 3:13	Their throat [is] an open sepulchre; with their tongues they have used deceit; the poison of asps [is] under their lips:
Romans 3:14	Whose mouth [is] full of cursing and bitterness:
Romans 3:15	Their feet [are] swift to shed blood:
Romans 3:16	Destruction and misery [are] in their ways:
Romans 3:17	And the way of peace have they not known:
Romans 3:18	There is no fear of God before their eyes.
Romans 3:19	Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God.
Romans 3:20	Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight: for by the law [is] the knowledge of sin.
Romans 3:21	But now the righteousness of God without the law is manifested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets;
Romans 3:22	Even the righteousness of God [which is] by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe: for there is no difference:
Romans 3:23	For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
Romans 3:24	Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus:
Romans 3:25	Whom God hath set forth [to be] a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;
Romans 3:26	To declare, [I say], at this time his righteousness: that he might be just, and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus.
Romans 3:27	Where [is] boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith.
Romans 3:28	Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.
Romans 3:29	[Is he] the God of the Jews only? [is he] not also of the Gentiles? Yes, of the Gentiles also:
Romans 3:30	Seeing [it is] one God, which shall justify the circumcision by faith, and uncircumcision through faith.
Romans 3:31	Do we then make void the law through faith? God forbid: yea, we establish the law.
Romans 4:1	What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to the flesh, hath found?
Romans 4:2	For if Abraham were justified by works, he hath [whereof] to glory; but not before God.
Romans 4:3	For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was counted unto him for righteousness.
Romans 4:4	Now to him that worketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt.
Romans 4:5	But to him that worketh not, but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness.
Romans 4:6	Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man, unto whom God imputeth righteousness without works,
Romans 4:7	[Saying], Blessed [are] they whose iniquities are forgiven, and whose sins are covered.
Romans 4:8	Blessed [is] the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin.
Romans 4:9	[Cometh] this blessedness then upon the circumcision [only], or upon the uncircumcision also? for we say that faith was reckoned to Abraham for righteousness.
Romans 4:10	How was it then reckoned? when he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision.
Romans 4:11	And he received the sign of circumcision, a seal of the righteousness of the faith which [he had yet] being uncircumcised: that he might be the father of all them that believe, though they be not circumcised; that righteousness might be imputed unto them also:
Romans 4:12	And the father of circumcision to them who are not of the circumcision only, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which [he had] being [yet] uncircumcised.
Romans 4:13	For the promise, that he should be the heir of the world, [was] not to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the righteousness of faith.
Romans 4:14	For if they which are of the law [be] heirs, faith is made void, and the promise made of none effect:
Romans 4:15	Because the law worketh wrath: for where no law is, [there is] no transgression.
Romans 4:16	Therefore [it is] of faith, that [it might be] by grace; to the end the promise might be sure to all the seed; not to that only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham; who is the father of us all,
Romans 4:17	(As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations,) before him whom he believed, [even] God, who quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they were.
Romans 4:18	Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations; according to that which was spoken, So shall thy seed be.
Romans 4:19	And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sara’s womb:
Romans 4:20	He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;
Romans 4:21	And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.
Romans 4:22	And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.
Romans 4:23	Now it was not written for his sake alone, that it was imputed to him;
Romans 4:24	But for us also, to whom it shall be imputed, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead;
Romans 4:25	Who was delivered for our offences, and was raised again for our justification.
Romans 5:1	Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ:
Romans 5:2	By whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God.
Romans 5:3	And not only [so], but we glory in tribulations also: knowing that tribulation worketh patience;
Romans 5:4	And patience, experience; and experience, hope:
Romans 5:5	And hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.
Romans 5:6	For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly.
Romans 5:7	For scarcely for a righteous man will one die: yet peradventure for a good man some would even dare to die.
Romans 5:8	But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
Romans 5:9	Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Romans 5:10	For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.
Romans 5:11	And not only [so], but we also joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement.
Romans 5:12	Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned:
Romans 5:13	(For until the law sin was in the world: but sin is not imputed when there is no law.
Romans 5:14	Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam’s transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come.
Romans 5:15	But not as the offence, so also [is] the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, [which is] by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.
Romans 5:16	And not as [it was] by one that sinned, [so is] the gift: for the judgment [was] by one to condemnation, but the free gift [is] of many offences unto justification.
Romans 5:17	For if by one man’s offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)
Romans 5:18	Therefore as by the offence of one [judgment came] upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one [the free gift came] upon all men unto justification of life.
Romans 5:19	For as by one man’s disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.
Romans 5:20	Moreover the law entered, that the offence might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound:
Romans 5:21	That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:1	What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?
Romans 6:2	God forbid. How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein?
Romans 6:3	Know ye not, that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death?
Romans 6:4	Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.
Romans 6:5	For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also [in the likeness] of [his] resurrection:
Romans 6:6	Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with [him], that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.
Romans 6:7	For he that is dead is freed from sin.
Romans 6:8	Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with him:
Romans 6:9	Knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more; death hath no more dominion over him.
Romans 6:10	For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.
Romans 6:11	Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 6:12	Let not sin therefore reign in your mortal body, that ye should obey it in the lusts thereof.
Romans 6:13	Neither yield ye your members [as] instruments of unrighteousness unto sin: but yield yourselves unto God, as those that are alive from the dead, and your members [as] instruments of righteousness unto God.
Romans 6:14	For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace.
Romans 6:15	What then? shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.
Romans 6:16	Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?
Romans 6:17	But God be thanked, that ye were the servants of sin, but ye have obeyed from the heart that form of doctrine which was delivered you.
Romans 6:18	Being then made free from sin, ye became the servants of righteousness.
Romans 6:19	I speak after the manner of men because of the infirmity of your flesh: for as ye have yielded your members servants to uncleanness and to iniquity unto iniquity; even so now yield your members servants to righteousness unto holiness.
Romans 6:20	For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness.
Romans 6:21	What fruit had ye then in those things whereof ye are now ashamed? for the end of those things [is] death.
Romans 6:22	But now being made free from sin, and become servants to God, ye have your fruit unto holiness, and the end everlasting life.
Romans 6:23	For the wages of sin [is] death; but the gift of God [is] eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Romans 7:1	Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,) how that the law hath dominion over a man as long as he liveth?
Romans 7:2	For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to [her] husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of [her] husband.
Romans 7:3	So then if, while [her] husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress: but if her husband be dead, she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress, though she be married to another man.
Romans 7:4	Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another, [even] to him who is raised from the dead, that we should bring forth fruit unto God.
Romans 7:5	For when we were in the flesh, the motions of sins, which were by the law, did work in our members to bring forth fruit unto death.
Romans 7:6	But now we are delivered from the law, that being dead wherein we were held; that we should serve in newness of spirit, and not [in] the oldness of the letter.
Romans 7:7	What shall we say then? [Is] the law sin? God forbid. Nay, I had not known sin, but by the law: for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet.
Romans 7:8	But sin, taking occasion by the commandment, wrought in me all manner of concupiscence. For without the law sin [was] dead.
Romans 7:9	For I was alive without the law once: but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died.
Romans 7:10	And the commandment, which [was ordained] to life, I found [to be] unto death.
Romans 7:11	For sin, taking occasion by the commandment, deceived me, and by it slew [me].
Romans 7:12	Wherefore the law [is] holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good.
Romans 7:13	Was then that which is good made death unto me? God forbid. But sin, that it might appear sin, working death in me by that which is good; that sin by the commandment might become exceeding sinful.
Romans 7:14	For we know that the law is spiritual: but I am carnal, sold under sin.
Romans 7:15	For that which I do I allow not: for what I would, that do I not; but what I hate, that do I.
Romans 7:16	If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that [it is] good.
Romans 7:17	Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Romans 7:18	For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh,) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but [how] to perform that which is good I find not.
Romans 7:19	For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do.
Romans 7:20	Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Romans 7:21	I find then a law, that, when I would do good, evil is present with me.
Romans 7:22	For I delight in the law of God after the inward man:
Romans 7:23	But I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members.
Romans 7:24	O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me from the body of this death?
Romans 7:25	I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God; but with the flesh the law of sin.
Romans 8:1	[There is] therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Romans 8:2	For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.
Romans 8:3	For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:
Romans 8:4	That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Romans 8:5	For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.
Romans 8:6	For to be carnally minded [is] death; but to be spiritually minded [is] life and peace.
Romans 8:7	Because the carnal mind [is] enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.
Romans 8:8	So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God.
Romans 8:9	But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.
Romans 8:10	And if Christ [be] in you, the body [is] dead because of sin; but the Spirit [is] life because of righteousness.
Romans 8:11	But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.
Romans 8:12	Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.
Romans 8:13	For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.
Romans 8:14	For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
Romans 8:15	For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.
Romans 8:16	The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:
Romans 8:17	And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with [him], that we may be also glorified together.
Romans 8:18	For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time [are] not worthy [to be compared] with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
Romans 8:19	For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God.
Romans 8:20	For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected [the same] in hope,
Romans 8:21	Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.
Romans 8:22	For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.
Romans 8:23	And not only [they], but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, [to wit], the redemption of our body.
Romans 8:24	For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?
Romans 8:25	But if we hope for that we see not, [then] do we with patience wait for [it].
Romans 8:26	Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
Romans 8:27	And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what [is] the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to [the will of] God.
Romans 8:28	And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to [his] purpose.
Romans 8:29	For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate [to be] conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.
Romans 8:30	Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.
Romans 8:31	What shall we then say to these things? If God [be] for us, who [can be] against us?
Romans 8:32	He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?
Romans 8:33	Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God’s elect? [It is] God that justifieth.
Romans 8:34	Who [is] he that condemneth? [It is] Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.
Romans 8:35	Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? [shall] tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
Romans 8:36	As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
Romans 8:37	Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
Romans 8:38	For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
Romans 8:39	Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Romans 9:1	I say the truth in Christ, I lie not, my conscience also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost,
Romans 9:2	That I have great heaviness and continual sorrow in my heart.
Romans 9:3	For I could wish that myself were accursed from Christ for my brethren, my kinsmen according to the flesh:
Romans 9:4	Who are Israelites; to whom [pertaineth] the adoption, and the glory, and the covenants, and the giving of the law, and the service [of God], and the promises;
Romans 9:5	Whose [are] the fathers, and of whom as concerning the flesh Christ [came], who is over all, God blessed for ever. Amen.
Romans 9:6	Not as though the word of God hath taken none effect. For they [are] not all Israel, which are of Israel:
Romans 9:7	Neither, because they are the seed of Abraham, [are they] all children: but, In Isaac shall thy seed be called.
Romans 9:8	That is, They which are the children of the flesh, these [are] not the children of God: but the children of the promise are counted for the seed.
Romans 9:9	For this [is] the word of promise, At this time will I come, and Sara shall have a son.
Romans 9:10	And not only [this]; but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, [even] by our father Isaac;
Romans 9:11	(For [the children] being not yet born, neither having done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him that calleth;)
Romans 9:12	It was said unto her, The elder shall serve the younger.
Romans 9:13	As it is written, Jacob have I loved, but Esau have I hated.
Romans 9:14	What shall we say then? [Is there] unrighteousness with God? God forbid.
Romans 9:15	For he saith to Moses, I will have mercy on whom I will have mercy, and I will have compassion on whom I will have compassion.
Romans 9:16	So then [it is] not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.
Romans 9:17	For the scripture saith unto Pharaoh, Even for this same purpose have I raised thee up, that I might shew my power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth.
Romans 9:18	Therefore hath he mercy on whom he will [have mercy], and whom he will he hardeneth.
Romans 9:19	Thou wilt say then unto me, Why doth he yet find fault? For who hath resisted his will?
Romans 9:20	Nay but, O man, who art thou that repliest against God? Shall the thing formed say to him that formed [it], Why hast thou made me thus?
Romans 9:21	Hath not the potter power over the clay, of the same lump to make one vessel unto honour, and another unto dishonour?
Romans 9:22	[What] if God, willing to shew [his] wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much longsuffering the vessels of wrath fitted to destruction:
Romans 9:23	And that he might make known the riches of his glory on the vessels of mercy, which he had afore prepared unto glory,
Romans 9:24	Even us, whom he hath called, not of the Jews only, but also of the Gentiles?
Romans 9:25	As he saith also in Osee, I will call them my people, which were not my people; and her beloved, which was not beloved.
Romans 9:26	And it shall come to pass, [that] in the place where it was said unto them, Ye [are] not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
Romans 9:27	Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:
Romans 9:28	For he will finish the work, and cut [it] short in righteousness: because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth.
Romans 9:29	And as Esaias said before, Except the Lord of Sabaoth had left us a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha.
Romans 9:30	What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, which followed not after righteousness, have attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith.
Romans 9:31	But Israel, which followed after the law of righteousness, hath not attained to the law of righteousness.
Romans 9:32	Wherefore? Because [they sought it] not by faith, but as it were by the works of the law. For they stumbled at that stumblingstone;
Romans 9:33	As it is written, Behold, I lay in Sion a stumblingstone and rock of offence: and whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
Romans 10:1	Brethren, my heart’s desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.
Romans 10:2	For I bear them record that they have a zeal of God, but not according to knowledge.
Romans 10:3	For they being ignorant of God’s righteousness, and going about to establish their own righteousness, have not submitted themselves unto the righteousness of God.
Romans 10:4	For Christ [is] the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.
Romans 10:5	For Moses describeth the righteousness which is of the law, That the man which doeth those things shall live by them.
Romans 10:6	But the righteousness which is of faith speaketh on this wise, Say not in thine heart, Who shall ascend into heaven? (that is, to bring Christ down [from above]:)
Romans 10:7	Or, Who shall descend into the deep? (that is, to bring up Christ again from the dead.)
Romans 10:8	But what saith it? The word is nigh thee, [even] in thy mouth, and in thy heart: that is, the word of faith, which we preach;
Romans 10:9	That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
Romans 10:10	For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.
Romans 10:11	For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed.
Romans 10:12	For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him.
Romans 10:13	For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Romans 10:14	How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?
Romans 10:15	And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!
Romans 10:16	But they have not all obeyed the gospel. For Esaias saith, Lord, who hath believed our report?
Romans 10:17	So then faith [cometh] by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
Romans 10:18	But I say, Have they not heard? Yes verily, their sound went into all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.
Romans 10:19	But I say, Did not Israel know? First Moses saith, I will provoke you to jealousy by [them that are] no people, [and] by a foolish nation I will anger you.
Romans 10:20	But Esaias is very bold, and saith, I was found of them that sought me not; I was made manifest unto them that asked not after me.
Romans 10:21	But to Israel he saith, All day long I have stretched forth my hands unto a disobedient and gainsaying people.
Romans 11:1	I say then, Hath God cast away his people? God forbid. For I also am an Israelite, of the seed of Abraham, [of] the tribe of Benjamin.
Romans 11:2	God hath not cast away his people which he foreknew. Wot ye not what the scripture saith of Elias? how he maketh intercession to God against Israel, saying,
Romans 11:3	Lord, they have killed thy prophets, and digged down thine altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.
Romans 11:4	But what saith the answer of God unto him? I have reserved to myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to [the image of] Baal.
Romans 11:5	Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
Romans 11:6	And if by grace, then [is it] no more of works: otherwise grace is no more grace. But if [it be] of works, then is it no more grace: otherwise work is no more work.
Romans 11:7	What then? Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it, and the rest were blinded
Romans 11:8	(According as it is written, God hath given them the spirit of slumber, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear;) unto this day.
Romans 11:9	And David saith, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, and a stumblingblock, and a recompence unto them:
Romans 11:10	Let their eyes be darkened, that they may not see, and bow down their back alway.
Romans 11:11	I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall? God forbid: but [rather] through their fall salvation [is come] unto the Gentiles, for to provoke them to jealousy.
Romans 11:12	Now if the fall of them [be] the riches of the world, and the diminishing of them the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fulness?
Romans 11:13	For I speak to you Gentiles, inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office:
Romans 11:14	If by any means I may provoke to emulation [them which are] my flesh, and might save some of them.
Romans 11:15	For if the casting away of them [be] the reconciling of the world, what [shall] the receiving [of them be], but life from the dead?
Romans 11:16	For if the firstfruit [be] holy, the lump [is] also [holy]: and if the root [be] holy, so [are] the branches.
Romans 11:17	And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the root and fatness of the olive tree;
Romans 11:18	Boast not against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the root thee.
Romans 11:19	Thou wilt say then, The branches were broken off, that I might be graffed in.
Romans 11:20	Well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear:
Romans 11:21	For if God spared not the natural branches, [take heed] lest he also spare not thee.
Romans 11:22	Behold therefore the goodness and severity of God: on them which fell, severity; but toward thee, goodness, if thou continue in [his] goodness: otherwise thou also shalt be cut off.
Romans 11:23	And they also, if they abide not still in unbelief, shall be graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.
Romans 11:24	For if thou wert cut out of the olive tree which is wild by nature, and wert graffed contrary to nature into a good olive tree: how much more shall these, which be the natural [branches], be graffed into their own olive tree?
Romans 11:25	For I would not, brethren, that ye should be ignorant of this mystery, lest ye should be wise in your own conceits; that blindness in part is happened to Israel, until the fulness of the Gentiles be come in.
Romans 11:26	And so all Israel shall be saved: as it is written, There shall come out of Sion the Deliverer, and shall turn away ungodliness from Jacob:
Romans 11:27	For this [is] my covenant unto them, when I shall take away their sins.
Romans 11:28	As concerning the gospel, [they are] enemies for your sakes: but as touching the election, [they are] beloved for the fathers’ sakes.
Romans 11:29	For the gifts and calling of God [are] without repentance.
Romans 11:30	For as ye in times past have not believed God, yet have now obtained mercy through their unbelief:
Romans 11:31	Even so have these also now not believed, that through your mercy they also may obtain mercy.
Romans 11:32	For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.
Romans 11:33	O the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God! how unsearchable [are] his judgments, and his ways past finding out!
Romans 11:34	For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counseller?
Romans 11:35	Or who hath first given to him, and it shall be recompensed unto him again?
Romans 11:36	For of him, and through him, and to him, [are] all things: to whom [be] glory for ever. Amen.
Romans 12:1	I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, [which is] your reasonable service.
Romans 12:2	And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what [is] that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
Romans 12:3	For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think [of himself] more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.
Romans 12:4	For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:
Romans 12:5	So we, [being] many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.
Romans 12:6	Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, [let us prophesy] according to the proportion of faith;
Romans 12:7	Or ministry, [let us wait] on [our] ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;
Romans 12:8	Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, [let him do it] with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness.
Romans 12:9	[Let] love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.
Romans 12:10	[Be] kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honour preferring one another;
Romans 12:11	Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;
Romans 12:12	Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;
Romans 12:13	Distributing to the necessity of saints; given to hospitality.
Romans 12:14	Bless them which persecute you: bless, and curse not.
Romans 12:15	Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Romans 12:16	[Be] of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.
Romans 12:17	Recompense to no man evil for evil. Provide things honest in the sight of all men.
Romans 12:18	If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men.
Romans 12:19	Dearly beloved, avenge not yourselves, but [rather] give place unto wrath: for it is written, Vengeance [is] mine; I will repay, saith the Lord.
Romans 12:20	Therefore if thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink: for in so doing thou shalt heap coals of fire on his head.
Romans 12:21	Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good.
Romans 13:1	Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God.
Romans 13:2	Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation.
Romans 13:3	For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:
Romans 13:4	For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of God, a revenger to [execute] wrath upon him that doeth evil.
Romans 13:5	Wherefore [ye] must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake.
Romans 13:6	For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God’s ministers, attending continually upon this very thing.
Romans 13:7	Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute [is due]; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour.
Romans 13:8	Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth another hath fulfilled the law.
Romans 13:9	For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if [there be] any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
Romans 13:10	Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love [is] the fulfilling of the law.
Romans 13:11	And that, knowing the time, that now [it is] high time to awake out of sleep: for now [is] our salvation nearer than when we believed.
Romans 13:12	The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light.
Romans 13:13	Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying.
Romans 13:14	But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the flesh, to [fulfil] the lusts [thereof].
Romans 14:1	Him that is weak in the faith receive ye, [but] not to doubtful disputations.
Romans 14:2	For one believeth that he may eat all things: another, who is weak, eateth herbs.
Romans 14:3	Let not him that eateth despise him that eateth not; and let not him which eateth not judge him that eateth: for God hath received him.
Romans 14:4	Who art thou that judgest another man’s servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand.
Romans 14:5	One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day [alike]. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.
Romans 14:6	He that regardeth the day, regardeth [it] unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard [it]. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks.
Romans 14:7	For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.
Romans 14:8	For whether we live, we live unto the Lord; and whether we die, we die unto the Lord: whether we live therefore, or die, we are the Lord’s.
Romans 14:9	For to this end Christ both died, and rose, and revived, that he might be Lord both of the dead and living.
Romans 14:10	But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.
Romans 14:11	For it is written, [As] I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.
Romans 14:12	So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.
Romans 14:13	Let us not therefore judge one another any more: but judge this rather, that no man put a stumblingblock or an occasion to fall in [his] brother’s way.
Romans 14:14	I know, and am persuaded by the Lord Jesus, that [there is] nothing unclean of itself: but to him that esteemeth any thing to be unclean, to him [it is] unclean.
Romans 14:15	But if thy brother be grieved with [thy] meat, now walkest thou not charitably. Destroy not him with thy meat, for whom Christ died.
Romans 14:16	Let not then your good be evil spoken of:
Romans 14:17	For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.
Romans 14:18	For he that in these things serveth Christ [is] acceptable to God, and approved of men.
Romans 14:19	Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another.
Romans 14:20	For meat destroy not the work of God. All things indeed [are] pure; but [it is] evil for that man who eateth with offence.
Romans 14:21	[It is] good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor [any thing] whereby thy brother stumbleth, or is offended, or is made weak.
Romans 14:22	Hast thou faith? have [it] to thyself before God. Happy [is] he that condemneth not himself in that thing which he alloweth.
Romans 14:23	And he that doubteth is damned if he eat, because [he eateth] not of faith: for whatsoever [is] not of faith is sin.
Romans 15:1	We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves.
Romans 15:2	Let every one of us please [his] neighbour for [his] good to edification.
Romans 15:3	For even Christ pleased not himself; but, as it is written, The reproaches of them that reproached thee fell on me.
Romans 15:4	For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope.
Romans 15:5	Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus:
Romans 15:6	That ye may with one mind [and] one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Romans 15:7	Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us to the glory of God.
Romans 15:8	Now I say that Jesus Christ was a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, to confirm the promises [made] unto the fathers:
Romans 15:9	And that the Gentiles might glorify God for [his] mercy; as it is written, For this cause I will confess to thee among the Gentiles, and sing unto thy name.
Romans 15:10	And again he saith, Rejoice, ye Gentiles, with his people.
Romans 15:11	And again, Praise the Lord, all ye Gentiles; and laud him, all ye people.
Romans 15:12	And again, Esaias saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles trust.
Romans 15:13	Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost.
Romans 15:14	And I myself also am persuaded of you, my brethren, that ye also are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish one another.
Romans 15:15	Nevertheless, brethren, I have written the more boldly unto you in some sort, as putting you in mind, because of the grace that is given to me of God,
Romans 15:16	That I should be the minister of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles, ministering the gospel of God, that the offering up of the Gentiles might be acceptable, being sanctified by the Holy Ghost.
Romans 15:17	I have therefore whereof I may glory through Jesus Christ in those things which pertain to God.
Romans 15:18	For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient, by word and deed,
Romans 15:19	Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.
Romans 15:20	Yea, so have I strived to preach the gospel, not where Christ was named, lest I should build upon another man’s foundation:
Romans 15:21	But as it is written, To whom he was not spoken of, they shall see: and they that have not heard shall understand.
Romans 15:22	For which cause also I have been much hindered from coming to you.
Romans 15:23	But now having no more place in these parts, and having a great desire these many years to come unto you;
Romans 15:24	Whensoever I take my journey into Spain, I will come to you: for I trust to see you in my journey, and to be brought on my way thitherward by you, if first I be somewhat filled with your [company].
Romans 15:25	But now I go unto Jerusalem to minister unto the saints.
Romans 15:26	For it hath pleased them of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor saints which are at Jerusalem.
Romans 15:27	It hath pleased them verily; and their debtors they are. For if the Gentiles have been made partakers of their spiritual things, their duty is also to minister unto them in carnal things.
Romans 15:28	When therefore I have performed this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will come by you into Spain.
Romans 15:29	And I am sure that, when I come unto you, I shall come in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.
Romans 15:30	Now I beseech you, brethren, for the Lord Jesus Christ’s sake, and for the love of the Spirit, that ye strive together with me in [your] prayers to God for me;
Romans 15:31	That I may be delivered from them that do not believe in Judaea; and that my service which [I have] for Jerusalem may be accepted of the saints;
Romans 15:32	That I may come unto you with joy by the will of God, and may with you be refreshed.
Romans 15:33	Now the God of peace [be] with you all. Amen.
Romans 16:1	I commend unto you Phebe our sister, which is a servant of the church which is at Cenchrea:
Romans 16:2	That ye receive her in the Lord, as becometh saints, and that ye assist her in whatsoever business she hath need of you: for she hath been a succourer of many, and of myself also.
Romans 16:3	Greet Priscilla and Aquila my helpers in Christ Jesus:
Romans 16:4	Who have for my life laid down their own necks: unto whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles.
Romans 16:5	Likewise [greet] the church that is in their house. Salute my wellbeloved Epaenetus, who is the firstfruits of Achaia unto Christ.
Romans 16:6	Greet Mary, who bestowed much labour on us.
Romans 16:7	Salute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellowprisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me.
Romans 16:8	Greet Amplias my beloved in the Lord.
Romans 16:9	Salute Urbane, our helper in Christ, and Stachys my beloved.
Romans 16:10	Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of Aristobulus’ [household].
Romans 16:11	Salute Herodion my kinsman. Greet them that be of the [household] of Narcissus, which are in the Lord.
Romans 16:12	Salute Tryphena and Tryphosa, who labour in the Lord. Salute the beloved Persis, which laboured much in the Lord.
Romans 16:13	Salute Rufus chosen in the Lord, and his mother and mine.
Romans 16:14	Salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren which are with them.
Romans 16:15	Salute Philologus, and Julia, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints which are with them.
Romans 16:16	Salute one another with an holy kiss. The churches of Christ salute you.
Romans 16:17	Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and avoid them.
Romans 16:18	For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple.
Romans 16:19	For your obedience is come abroad unto all [men]. I am glad therefore on your behalf: but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, and simple concerning evil.
Romans 16:20	And the God of peace shall bruise Satan under your feet shortly. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you. Amen.
Romans 16:21	Timotheus my workfellow, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kinsmen, salute you.
Romans 16:22	I Tertius, who wrote [this] epistle, salute you in the Lord.
Romans 16:23	Gaius mine host, and of the whole church, saluteth you. Erastus the chamberlain of the city saluteth you, and Quartus a brother.
Romans 16:24	The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ [be] with you all. Amen.
Romans 16:25	Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery, which was kept secret since the world began,
Romans 16:26	But now is made manifest, and by the scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the everlasting God, made known to all nations for the obedience of faith:
Romans 16:27	To God only wise, [be] glory through Jesus Christ for ever. Amen.
1 Corinthians 1:1	Paul, called [to be] an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes [our] brother,
1 Corinthians 1:2	Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called [to be] saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours:
1 Corinthians 1:3	Grace [be] unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and [from] the Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:4	I thank my God always on your behalf, for the grace of God which is given you by Jesus Christ;
1 Corinthians 1:5	That in every thing ye are enriched by him, in all utterance, and [in] all knowledge;
1 Corinthians 1:6	Even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:
1 Corinthians 1:7	So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ:
1 Corinthians 1:8	Who shall also confirm you unto the end, [that ye may be] blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:9	God [is] faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord.
1 Corinthians 1:10	Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and [that] there be no divisions among you; but [that] ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.
1 Corinthians 1:11	For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them [which are of the house] of Chloe, that there are contentions among you.
1 Corinthians 1:12	Now this I say, that every one of you saith, I am of Paul; and I of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ.
1 Corinthians 1:13	Is Christ divided? was Paul crucified for you? or were ye baptized in the name of Paul?
1 Corinthians 1:14	I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;
1 Corinthians 1:15	Lest any should say that I had baptized in mine own name.
1 Corinthians 1:16	And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.
1 Corinthians 1:17	For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect.
1 Corinthians 1:18	For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.
1 Corinthians 1:19	For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.
1 Corinthians 1:20	Where [is] the wise? where [is] the scribe? where [is] the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?
1 Corinthians 1:21	For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.
1 Corinthians 1:22	For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:
1 Corinthians 1:23	But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumblingblock, and unto the Greeks foolishness;
1 Corinthians 1:24	But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.
1 Corinthians 1:25	Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men; and the weakness of God is stronger than men.
1 Corinthians 1:26	For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, [are called]:
1 Corinthians 1:27	But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;
1 Corinthians 1:28	And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, [yea], and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:
1 Corinthians 1:29	That no flesh should glory in his presence.
1 Corinthians 1:30	But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:
1 Corinthians 1:31	That, according as it is written, He that glorieth, let him glory in the Lord.
1 Corinthians 2:1	And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.
1 Corinthians 2:2	For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified.
1 Corinthians 2:3	And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling.
1 Corinthians 2:4	And my speech and my preaching [was] not with enticing words of man’s wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power:
1 Corinthians 2:5	That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.
1 Corinthians 2:6	Howbeit we speak wisdom among them that are perfect: yet not the wisdom of this world, nor of the princes of this world, that come to nought:
1 Corinthians 2:7	But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, [even] the hidden [wisdom], which God ordained before the world unto our glory:
1 Corinthians 2:8	Which none of the princes of this world knew: for had they known [it], they would not have crucified the Lord of glory.
1 Corinthians 2:9	But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.
1 Corinthians 2:10	But God hath revealed [them] unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.
1 Corinthians 2:11	For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God.
1 Corinthians 2:12	Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God.
1 Corinthians 2:13	Which things also we speak, not in the words which man’s wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing spiritual things with spiritual.
1 Corinthians 2:14	But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know [them], because they are spiritually discerned.
1 Corinthians 2:15	But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no man.
1 Corinthians 2:16	For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:1	And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, [even] as unto babes in Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:2	I have fed you with milk, and not with meat: for hitherto ye were not able [to bear it], neither yet now are ye able.
1 Corinthians 3:3	For ye are yet carnal: for whereas [there is] among you envying, and strife, and divisions, are ye not carnal, and walk as men?
1 Corinthians 3:4	For while one saith, I am of Paul; and another, I [am] of Apollos; are ye not carnal?
1 Corinthians 3:5	Who then is Paul, and who [is] Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed, even as the Lord gave to every man?
1 Corinthians 3:6	I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase.
1 Corinthians 3:7	So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase.
1 Corinthians 3:8	Now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour.
1 Corinthians 3:9	For we are labourers together with God: ye are God’s husbandry, [ye are] God’s building.
1 Corinthians 3:10	According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.
1 Corinthians 3:11	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:12	Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;
1 Corinthians 3:13	Every man’s work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man’s work of what sort it is.
1 Corinthians 3:14	If any man’s work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.
1 Corinthians 3:15	If any man’s work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.
1 Corinthians 3:16	Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and [that] the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?
1 Corinthians 3:17	If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple of God is holy, which [temple] ye are.
1 Corinthians 3:18	Let no man deceive himself. If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.
1 Corinthians 3:19	For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.
1 Corinthians 3:20	And again, The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they are vain.
1 Corinthians 3:21	Therefore let no man glory in men. For all things are yours;
1 Corinthians 3:22	Whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come; all are yours;
1 Corinthians 3:23	And ye are Christ’s; and Christ [is] God’s.
1 Corinthians 4:1	Let a man so account of us, as of the ministers of Christ, and stewards of the mysteries of God.
1 Corinthians 4:2	Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful.
1 Corinthians 4:3	But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you, or of man’s judgment: yea, I judge not mine own self.
1 Corinthians 4:4	For I know nothing by myself; yet am I not hereby justified: but he that judgeth me is the Lord.